ARO:0000000	[macrolide] Macrolides are a group of drugs (typically antibiotics) that have a large macrocyclic lactone ring of 12-16 carbons to which one or more deoxy sugars, usually cladinose and desosamine, may be attached. Macrolides bind to the 50S-subunit of bacterial ribosomes, inhibiting the synthesis of vital proteins.
ARO:0000001	[fluoroquinolone] The fluoroquinolones are a family of synthetic broad-spectrum antibiotics that are 4-quinolone-3-carboxylates. These compounds interact with topoisomerase II (DNA gyrase) to disrupt bacterial DNA replication, damage DNA, and cause cell death.
ARO:0000002	[tetracycline resistance ribosomal protection protein] Proteins which bind RNA-polymerase and have been experimentally shown to protect RNA-polymerase from tetracycline inhibition.
ARO:0000003	[astromicin] Astromicin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic used to treat different types of bacterial infections. Astromicin works by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of mRNA and leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth.
ARO:0000004	[monobactam] Monobactams are a class of beta-lactam antibiotics with a broad spectrum of antibacterial activity, and have a structure which renders them highly resistant to beta-lactamases. Unlike penams and cephems, monobactams do not have any ring fused to its four-member lactam structure. Monobactam antibiotics are bactericidal, and act by inhibiting the synthesis of the peptidoglycan layer of bacterial cell walls. The peptidoglycan layer is important for cell wall structural integrity, especially in Gram-positive organisms.
ARO:0000005	[neomycin] Neomycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic used to treat different types of bacterial infections. Neomycin works by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of mRNA and leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth.
ARO:0000006	[erythromycin] Erythromycin is a macrolide antibiotic with a 14-carbon ring that has an antimicrobial spectrum similar to or slightly wider than that of penicillin, and is often used for people that have an allergy to penicillins. Erythromycin may possess bacteriocidal activity, particularly at higher concentrations by binding to the 50S subunit of the bacterial 70S rRNA complex, inhibiting peptidyl-tRNA translocation. Thus, protein synthesis and subsequently structure/function processes critical for life or replication are inhibited.
ARO:0000007	[dibekacin] Dibekacin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic used to treat different types of bacterial infections. Dibekacin works by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of mRNA and leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth.
ARO:0000008	[cefoxitin] Cefoxitin is a cephamycin antibiotic often grouped with the second generation cephalosporins. Cefoxitin is bactericidal and acts by inhibiting the synthesis of the peptidoglycan layer of bacterial cell walls. The peptidoglycan layer is important for cell wall structural integrity, especially in Gram-positive organisms. Cefoxitin's 7-alpha-methoxy group and 3' leaving group make it a poor substrate for most beta-lactamases.
ARO:0000009	[tunicamycin] Tunicamycin is mixture of homologous nucleoside antibiotics that block the reaction of UDP-N-acetylglucosamine and dolichyl phosphate in the first step of glycoprotein synthesis.
ARO:0000010	[antibiotic resistance gene cluster, cassette, or operon] Clusters of antibiotic resistance genes. May be regulated by a shared promoter or repressor.
ARO:0000011	[cloxacillin] Cloxacillin is a semisynthetic, isoxazolyl penicillin derivative in the beta-lactam class of antibiotics. It interferes with peptidogylcan synthesis and is commonly used for treating penicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus infections.
ARO:0000012	[streptothricin] Streptothricins are a group of N-glycoside antibiotics that include a carbamoylated D-glucosamine to which are attached a series of L-beta-lysine residues at position 2 and a streptolidine at position 1.  Streptothricins vary by the number of beta-lysine residues (from 1 (nourseothricin) to 7) and target protein synthesis in bacteria and eukaryotes.
ARO:0000013	[amikacin] Amikacin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic that works by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of mRNA and leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth.
ARO:0000014	[gentamicin C] Gentamicin C is a mixture of gentamicin C1, gentamicin C1a, and gentamicin C2 (these differ in substituents at position C6'). Gentamicin works by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of mRNA and leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth.
ARO:0000015	[methicillin] Derived from penicillin to combat penicillin-resistance, methicillin is insensitive to beta-lactamases (also known as penicillinases) secreted by many penicillin-resistant bacteria. Methicillin is bactericidal, and acts by inhibiting the synthesis of the peptidoglycan layer of bacterial cell walls. The peptidoglycan layer is important for cell wall structural integrity, especially in Gram-positive organisms.
ARO:0000016	[aminoglycoside] Aminoglycosides are a group of antibiotics that are mostly effective against Gram-negative bacteria. These molecules consist of aminated sugars attached to a dibasic cyclitol. Aminoglycosides work by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit (some work by binding to the 50S subunit), inhibiting the translocation of the peptidyl-tRNA from the A-site to the P-site and also causing misreading of mRNA, leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth.
ARO:0000017	[lincosamide] Lincosamides (e.g. lincomycin, clindamycin) are a class of drugs which bind to the 23s portion of the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes. This interaction inhibits early elongation of peptide chains by inhibiting the transpeptidase reaction, acting similarly to macrolides.
ARO:0000018	[viomycin] Viomycin sulfate (Viocin) is an polypeptide antibiotic used in the treatment of tuberculosis. It is produced by the actinomycete Streptomyces puniceus and binds to the bacterial ribosome, inhibiting prokaryotic protein synthesis and certain forms of RNA splicing.
ARO:0000019	[targeted_by] A relationship ontology term in which the subject is targeted by the object (usually a class of antibiotics).
ARO:0000020	[carbapenem] Carbapenems are a class of beta-lactam antibiotics with a broad spectrum of antibacterial activity, and have a structure which renders them highly resistant to beta-lactamases. Carbapenem antibiotics are bactericidal, and act by inhibiting the synthesis of the peptidoglycan layer of bacterial cell walls. The peptidoglycan layer is important for cell wall structural integrity, especially in Gram-positive organisms.
ARO:0000021	[ribostamycin] Ribostamycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic used to treat different types of bacterial infections. Ribostamycin works by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of mRNA and leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth.
ARO:0000022	[polymyxin] Polymyxins are cationic detergent antibiotics, with a general structure of a cyclic peptide with a long hydrophobic tail. They disrupt the structure of the bacterial cell membrane by interacting with its phospholipids. Polymyxins have a bactericidal effect on Gram-negative bacilli, especially on Pseudomonas and coliform organisms.
ARO:0000023	[enoxacin] Enoxacin belongs to a group called fluoroquinolones. Its mode of action depends upon blocking bacterial DNA replication by binding itself to DNA gyrase and causing double-stranded breaks in the bacterial chromosome.
ARO:0000024	[butirosin] Butirosin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic used to treat different types of bacterial infections. Butirosin works by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of mRNA and leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth.
ARO:0000025	[fosfomycin] Fosfomycin (also known as phosphomycin and phosphonomycin) is a broad-spectrum antibiotic produced by certain Streptomyces species. It is effective on gram positive and negative bacteria as it targets the cell wall, an essential feature shared by both bacteria. Its specific target is MurA (MurZ in E.coli), which attaches phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP) to UDP-N-acetylglucosamine, a step of commitment to cell wall synthesis. In the active site of MurA, the active cysteine molecule is alkylated which stops the catalytic reaction.
ARO:0000026	[streptogramin antibiotic] Streptogramin antibiotics are natural products produced by various members of the Streptomyces genus. These antibiotics bind to the P site of the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes to inhibit protein synthesis. The family consists of two subgroups, type A and type B, which are simultaneously produced by the same bacterial species in a ratio of roughly 70:30.
ARO:0000027	[roxithromycin] Roxithromycin is a semi-synthetic, 14-carbon ring macrolide antibiotic derived from erythromycin. It is used to treat respiratory tract, urinary and soft tissue infections. Roxithromycin may possess bacteriocidal activity, particularly at higher concentrations by binding to the 50S subunit of the bacterial 70S rRNA complex, protein synthesis and subsequently structure/function processes critical for life or replication are inhibited.
ARO:0000028	[vancomycin] Vancomycin is a glycopeptide antibiotic used in the prophylaxis and treatment of infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria. Vancomycin inhibits the synthesis of peptidoglycan, the major component of the cell wall of gram-positive bacteria. Its mechanism of action is unusual in that it acts by binding precursors of peptidoglycan, rather than by interacting with an enzyme.
ARO:0000029	[teicoplanin] Teicoplanin is a glycopeptide antibiotic used in the prophylaxis and treatment of serious infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria. Teicoplanin has a unique acyl-aliphatic chain, and binds to cell wall precursors to inhibit transglycosylation  and transpeptidation.
ARO:0000030	[tigecycline] Tigecycline is an glycylcycline antibiotic. It works by inhibiting action of the prokaryotic 30S ribosome.
ARO:0000031	[antibiotic resistant gene variant or mutant] Resistance to antibiotics is often conferred by single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) and other mutations in target genes.
ARO:0000032	[cephalosporin] Cephalosporins are a class of beta-lactam antibiotics, containing the beta-lactam ring fused with a dihydrothiazolidine ring. Together with cephamycins they belong to a sub-group called cephems. Cephalosporin are bactericidal, and act by inhibiting the synthesis of the peptidoglycan layer of bacterial cell walls. The peptidoglycan layer is important for cell wall structural integrity, especially in Gram-positive organisms.
ARO:0000034	[streptogramin A antibiotic] Streptogramin A antibiotics are cyclic polyketide peptide hybrids that bind to the ribosomal peptidyl transfer centre. Structural variation arises from substituting a proline for its desaturated derivative and by its substitution for Ala or Cys. Used alone, streptogramin A antibiotics are bacteriostatic, but is bactericidal when used with streptogramin B antibiotics.
ARO:0000035	[sisomicin] Sisomicin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic used to treat different types of bacterial infections. Sisomicin works by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of mRNA and leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth.
ARO:0000036	[ciprofloxacin] Ciprofloxacin is a bacteriocidal fluoroquinolone. It blocks bacterial DNA replication by binding to the toposiomerase II or IV-DNA complex (or cleavable complex), thereby causing double-stranded breaks in the bacterial chromosome.
ARO:0000037	[apramycin] Apramycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic used to treat different types of bacterial infections in animals. Apramycin works by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of mRNA and leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth.
ARO:0000038	[netilmicin] Netilmicin is a member of the aminoglycoside family of antibiotics. These antibiotics have the ability to kill a wide variety of bacteria by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of mRNA and leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth. Netilmicin is not absorbed from the gut and is therefore only given by injection or infusion. It is only used in the treatment of serious infections particularly those resistant to gentamicin.
ARO:0000039	[spectinomycin] Spectinomycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic used to treat different types of bacterial infections. Spectinomycin works by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit inhibiting translation.
ARO:0000040	[streptomycin] Streptomycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic used to treat different types of bacterial infections. Streptomycin works by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of mRNA and leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth.
ARO:0000041	[bacitracin] Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic polypeptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of Bacillus subtilis var Tracy. Bacitracin interferes with the dephosphorylation of the C55-isoprenyl pyrophosphate, a molecule which carries the building blocks of the peptidoglycan bacterial cell wall outside of the inner membrane.
ARO:0000042	[glycylcycline] Glycylcyclines are a new class of antibiotics derived from tetracycline. These tetracycline analogues are specifically designed to overcome two common mechanisms of tetracycline resistance. Presently, there is only one glycylcycline antibiotic for clinical use: tigecycline. It works by inhibiting action of the prokaryotic 30S ribosome, preventing the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA.
ARO:0000043	[carbenicillin] Carbenicillin is a semi-synthetic antibiotic belonging to the carboxypenicillin subgroup of the penicillins. It has gram-negative coverage which includes Pseudomonas aeruginosa but limited gram-positive coverage. The carboxypenicillins are susceptible to degradation by beta-lactamase enzymes. Carbenicillin antibiotics are bactericidal, and act by inhibiting the synthesis of the peptidoglycan layer of bacterial cell walls. The peptidoglycan layer is important for cell wall structural integrity, especially in Gram-positive organisms.
ARO:0000044	[cephamycin] Cephamycins are a group of beta-lactam antibiotics, very similar to cephalosporins. Together with cephalosporins, they form a sub-group of antibiotics known as cephems. Cephamycins are bactericidal, and act by inhibiting the synthesis of the peptidoglycan layer of bacterial cell walls. The peptidoglycan layer is important for cell wall structural integrity, especially in Gram-positive organisms. The 7-alpha-methoxy group increases resistance to beta-lactamases.
ARO:0000045	[acriflavin] Acriflavin is a topical antiseptic. It has the form of an orange or brown powder. It may be harmful in the eyes or if inhaled. Acriflavine is also used as treatment for external fungal infections of aquarium fish.
ARO:0000046	[lincomycin] Lincomycin is a lincosamide antibiotic that comes from the actinomyces Streptomyces lincolnensis. It binds to the 23s portion of the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes and inhibit early elongation of peptide chain by inhibiting transpeptidase reaction.
ARO:0000047	[puromycin] Puromycin is an aminonucleoside antibiotic, derived from Streptomyces alboniger, that causes premature chain termination during ribosomal protein translation.
ARO:0000049	[kanamycin A] Kanamycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic used to treat different types of bacterial infections. Kanamycin works by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of mRNA and leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth.
ARO:0000050	[streptogramin B antibiotic] Streptogramin B antibiotics are are cyclic hepta- or hexa-depsipeptides.  Type B streptogramins block the peptide exit tunnel of the 50S bacterial ribosome. The general composition of group B streptogramins is 3-hydroxypicolinic acid-L-Thr-D-aminobutyric acid (or D-Ala)-L-Pro-L-Phe (or 4-N-,N-(dimethylamino)-L-Phe)-X-L-phenylglycine. Used alone, streptogramin B antibiotics are bacteriostatic, but is bactericidal when used with streptogramin A antibiotics.
ARO:0000051	[tetracycline] Tetracycline is a broad-spectrum polyketide antibiotic produced by many Streptomyces. It works by inhibiting action of the prokaryotic 30S ribosome.
ARO:0000052	[tobramycin] Tobramycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic used to treat different types of bacterial infections. Tobramycin works by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of mRNA and leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth.
ARO:0000053	[bleomycin] Bleomycin is a family of glycopeptide antibiotics produced by the bacterium Streptomyces verticillus. Bleomycins, taken as a mixture, act by the induction of DNA and RNA strand breaks. In addition to its antibacterial activity, bleomycin is also used as an anticancer agent.
ARO:0000054	[penicillin] Penicillin (sometimes abbreviated PCN) is a beta-lactam antibiotic used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually Gram-positive, organisms. It works by inhibiting the synthesis of the peptidoglycan layer of bacterial cell walls. The peptidoglycan layer is important for cell wall structural integrity, especially in Gram-positive organisms.
ARO:0000055	[bicyclomycin] Bicyclomycin represents a unique class of antibiotics, discovered in 1972. It is obtained by the fermentation of Streptomyces sapporonensis. In the crystalline form bicyclomycin is observed to be rhombic or monoclinic, depending on the solvent used. This antibiotic kills bacteria by inhibiting the Rho transcription terminator factor, halting ribonucleic acid (RNA) synthesis.
ARO:0000056	[oxacillin] Oxacillin is a penicillinase-resistant beta-lactam. It is similar to methicillin, and has replaced methicillin in clinical use. Oxacillin, especially in combination with other antibiotics, is effective against many penicillinase-producing strains of Staphylococcus aureus and Staphylococcus epidermidis.
ARO:0000057	[telithromycin] Telithromycin is a semi-synthetic derivative of erythromycin. It is a 14-membered macrolide and is the first ketolide antibiotic to be used in clinics. Telithromycin binds the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome to inhibit protein synthesis.
ARO:0000058	[cefazolin] Cefazolin (INN), also known as cefazoline or cephazolin, is a first generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It is administered parenterally, and is active against a broad spectrum of bacteria.
ARO:0000059	[cefepime] Cefepime (INN) is a fourth-generation cephalosporin antibiotic developed in 1994. It contains an aminothiazolyl group that decreases its affinity with beta-lactamases. Cefepime shows high binding affinity with penicillin-binding proteins and has an extended spectrum of activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, with greater activity against both Gram-negative and Gram-positive organisms than third-generation agents.
ARO:0000060	[ceftazidime] Ceftazidime is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. Like other third-generation cephalosporins, it has broad spectrum activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. Unlike most third-generation agents, it is active against Pseudomonas aeruginosa, however it has weaker activity against Gram-positive microorganisms and is not used for such infections.
ARO:0000061	[ceftobiprole] Ceftobiprole (Zeftera/Zevtera) is a next generation (5th generation) cephalosporin antibiotic with activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, penicillin-resistant Streptococcus pneumoniae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Enterococci. Ceftobiprole inhibits transpeptidases essential to building cell walls, and is a poor substrate for most beta-lactamases.
ARO:0000062	[ceftriaxone] Ceftriaxone is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. The presence of an aminothiazolyl sidechain increases ceftriazone's resistance to beta-lactamases. Like other third-generation cephalosporins, it has broad spectrum activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:0000063	[cefuroxime] Cefuroxime is a second-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with increased stability with beta-lactamases than first-generation cephalosporins. Cefuroxime is active against Gram-positive organisms but less active against methicillin-resistant strains.
ARO:0000064	[amoxicillin] Amoxicillin is a moderate-spectrum, bacteriolytic, beta-lactam antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms. A derivative of penicillin, it has a wider range of treatment but remains relatively ineffective against Gram-negative bacteria. It is commonly taken with clavulanic acid, a beta-lactamase inhibitor. Like other beta-lactams, amoxicillin interferes with the synthesis of peptidoglycan.
ARO:0000065	[clarithromycin] Clarithromycin is a methyl derivative of erythromycin, sharing the 14-carbon macrolide ring. The antibiotic binds to the 50S subunit of the ribosome and is used to treat pharyngitis, tonsillitis, acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis, pneumonia (especially atypical pneumonias associated with Chlamydia pneumoniae or TWAR), and skin structure infections.
ARO:0000066	[clindamycin] Clindamycin is a lincosamide antibiotic that blocks A-site aminoacyl-tRNA binding. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria.
ARO:0000067	[colistin] Colistins are polymyxin antibiotics produced by certain strains of Bacillus polymyxa var. colistinus. Colistin, also referred to as polymyxin E, is a mixture of cyclic polypeptides colistin A and B which disrupt the bacterial cell membrane and is effective against Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:0000068	[daptomycin] Daptomycin is a novel lipopeptide antibiotic used in the treatment of certain infections caused by Gram-positive organisms. Daptomycin interferes with the bacterial cell membrane, reducing membrane potential and inhibiting cell wall synthesis.
ARO:0000069	[doxycycline] Doxycycline is second generation semi-synthetic derivative of the tetracycline group of antibiotics. It inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S subunit of the bacterial ribosome and preventing the aminotransferase-tRNA from associating with the ribosome.
ARO:0000070	[ertapenem] Ertapenem is a carbapenem antibiotic and is highly resistant to beta-lactamases like other carbapenems. It inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis.
ARO:0000071	[levofloxacin] Levofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class. Its main target is topoisomerase IV, inhibiting its function and disrupting DNA replication.
ARO:0000072	[linezolid] Linezolid is a synthetic antibiotic used for the treatment of serious infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria that are resistant to several other antibiotics. It inhibits protein synthesis by binding to domain V of the 23S rRNA of the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes.
ARO:0000073	[meropenem] Meropenem is an ultra-broad spectrum injectable antibiotic used to treat a wide variety of infections, including meningitis and pneumonia. It is a beta-lactam and belongs to the subgroup of carbapenem, similar to imipenem and ertapenem.
ARO:0000074	[moxifloxacin] Moxifloxacin is a fourth generation synthetic fluoroquinolone chemotherapeutic agent, and has been shown to be significantly more active than levofloxacin (4 to 8 times more) against Streptococcus pneumoniae. It acts by inhibiting bacterial DNA topoisomerases.
ARO:0000075	[nitrofurantoin] Nitrofurantoin is an antibiotic used to treat urinary tract infections. It inhibits enzyme synthesis by inhibiting essential enzymes involved in the citric acid cycle, as well as those involved in DNA, RNA, and protein synthesis. It is marketed under the following brand names: Furadantin, Macrobid, Macrodantin, Nitro Macro and Urantoin.
ARO:0000076	[inhibitor of antibiotic resistance] Molecules which inhibit antibiotic resistance.
ARO:0000077	[tazobactam] Tazobactam is a compound which inhibits the action of bacterial beta-lactamases.
ARO:0000078	[piperacillin] Piperacillin is an acetylureidopenicillin and has an extended spectrum of targets relative to other beta-lactam antibiotics. It inhibits cell wall synthesis in bacteria, and is usually taken with the beta-lactamase inhibitor tazobactam to overcome penicillin-resistant bacteria.
ARO:0000079	[clavulanate] Clavulanic acid is a beta-lactamase inhibitor (marketed by GlaxoSmithKline, formerly Beecham) combined with penicillin group antibiotics to overcome certain types of antibiotic resistance. It is used to overcome resistance in bacteria that secrete beta-lactamase, which otherwise inactivates most penicillins.
ARO:0001001	[antibiotic target alteration] Mutational alteration or enzymatic modification of antibiotic target which results in antibiotic resistance.
ARO:0001002	[antibiotic target replacement] Replacement or substitution of antibiotic action target, which process will result in antibiotic resistance.
ARO:0001003	[antibiotic target protection] Protection of antibiotic action target from antibiotic binding, which process will result in antibiotic resistance.
ARO:0001004	[antibiotic inactivation] Enzymatic inactivation of antibiotic to confer drug resistance.
ARO:0010000	[antibiotic efflux] Antibiotic resistance via the transport of antibiotics out of the cell.
ARO:0010001	[ATP-binding cassette (ABC) antibiotic efflux pump] Directed pumping of antibiotic out of a cell to confer resistance. ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporters are present in all cells of all organisms and use the energy of ATP binding/hydrolysis to transport substrates across cell membranes.
ARO:0010002	[major facilitator superfamily (MFS) antibiotic efflux pump] Directed pumping of antibiotic out of a cell to confer resistance. Major facilitator superfamily (MFS) transporters and ABC transporters comprise the two largest and most functionally diverse of the transporter superfamilies. However, MFS transporters are distinct from ABC transporters in both their primary sequence and structure and in the mechanism of energy coupling. As secondary transporters they are, like RND and SMR transporters, energized by the electrochemical proton gradient.
ARO:0010003	[small multidrug resistance (SMR) antibiotic efflux pump] Directed pumping of antibiotic out of a cell to confer resistance. Small multidrug resistance (SMR) proteins are a relatively small family of transporters, restricted to prokaryotic cells. They are also the smallest multidrug transporters, with only four transmembrane alpha-helices and no significant extramembrane domain.
ARO:0010004	[resistance-nodulation-cell division (RND) antibiotic efflux pump] Directed pumping of antibiotic out of a cell to confer resistance. Resistance-nodulation-division (RND) proteins are found in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells and have diverse substrate specificities and physiological roles. However, there are relatively few RND transporters and they are secondary transporters, energized not by ATP binding/hydrolysis but by proton movement down the transmembrane electrochemical gradient.
ARO:1000001	[process or component of antibiotic biology or chemistry] Antibiotic resistance is the ability of a microorganism to withstand the effects of an antibiotic. It is a specific type of drug resistance.
ARO:1000002	[mechanism of antibiotic resistance] Antibiotic resistance mechanisms evolve naturally via natural selection through random mutation, but it could also be engineered by applying an evolutionary stress on a population.
ARO:1000003	[antibiotic molecule] Antibiotics are commonly classified based on their mechanism of action, chemical structure or spectrum of activity.
ARO:3000000	[determinant of antibiotic resistance] A mutation, single nucleotide polymorphism, gene, or gene product that confers antibiotic resistance.
ARO:3000001	[beta-lactamase] Beta-lactamases are enzymes (EC 3.5.2.6) produced by some bacteria and are responsible for their resistance to beta-lactam antibiotics like penicillins, cephalosporins (are relatively resistant to beta-lactamase), cephamycins, and carbapenems (ertapenem). These antibiotics have a common element in their molecular structure: a four-atom ring known as a beta-lactam. The lactamase enzyme breaks that ring open, deactivating the molecule's antibacterial properties. Beta-lactam antibiotics are typically used to treat a broad spectrum of gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. Beta-lactamases produced by gram-negative organisms are usually secreted.
ARO:3000002	[vanW] vanW is an accessory gene, with unknown function, found on vancomycin resistance operons.
ARO:3000003	[miscellaneous antibiotic] These compounds are antibiotics of novel structure or origin.
ARO:3000004	[class B (metallo-) beta-lactamase] Ambler Class B beta-lactamases are the metallo-beta-lactamases.  These enzymes possess one or two zinc ions in the active site, which are used to orient a hydroxide nucleophile to attack the carbonyl on a beta-lactam ring.  There are currently no inhibitors in late-stage development for these relatively new beta-lactamases.
ARO:3000005	[vanD] VanD is a D-Ala-D-Ala ligase similar to VanA, and can synthesize D-Ala-D-Lac, an alternative substrate for peptidoglycan synthesis that reduces vancomycin binding affinity. It is associated with both vancomycin and teicoplanin resistance.
ARO:3000006	[vanH] VanH is a D-specific alpha-ketoacid dehydrogenase that synthesizes D-lactate. D-lactate is incorporated into the end of the peptidoglycan subunits, decreasing vancomycin binding affinity.
ARO:3000007	[beta-lactam] Beta-lactam antibiotics are a broad class of antibiotics that include penams (penicillin derivatives), cephems (cephalosporins), monobactams, and carbapenems. These antibiotic agents contain a beta-lactam nucleus in its molecular structure. They are the most widely-used group of antibiotics.
ARO:3000008	[penam] Penams, often referred to as penicillins, are a group of antibiotics derived from Penicillium fungi. Penicillin antibiotics are historically significant because they are the first drugs that were effective against many previously serious diseases such as syphilis and Staphylococcus infections. Penicillins are still widely used today, though many types of bacteria are now resistant. All penicillins are beta-lactam antibiotics in the penam sub-group, and are used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually Gram-positive, organisms.
ARO:3000009	[targeted_by_drug] A relationship ontology term in which the subject is targeted by a specific antibiotic.
ARO:3000010	[vanA] VanA is a D-Ala-D-Ala ligase that can synthesize D-Ala-D-Lac, an alternative substrate for peptidoglycan synthesis that reduces vancomycin binding affinity. It has been isolated from VREs. It is associated with both vancomycin and teicoplanin resistance.
ARO:3000011	[vanX] VanX is a D,D-dipeptidase that cleaves D-Ala-D-Ala but not D-Ala-D-Lac, ensuring that the latter dipeptide that has reduced binding affinity with vancomycin is used to synthesize peptidoglycan substrate.
ARO:3000012	[gene conferring antibiotic resistance via molecular bypass] Genes involved in restructuring of the cell wall
ARO:3000013	[vanB] VanB is a D-Ala-D-Ala ligase similar to VanA, and can synthesize D-Ala-D-Lac, an alternative substrate for peptidoglycan synthesis that reduces vancomycin binding affinity. It has been isolated from VREs. It is associated with vancomycin resistance, but not teicoplanin resistance.
ARO:3000014	[TEM beta-lactamase] TEM-1 is the most commonly-encountered beta-lactamase in gram-negative bacteria. Up to 90% of ampicillin resistance in E. coli is due to the production of TEM-1. Also responsible for the ampicillin and penicillin resistance that is seen in H. influenzae and N. gonorrhoeae in increasing numbers. Although TEM-type beta-lactamases are most often found in E. coli and K. pneumoniae, they are also found in other species of gram-negative bacteria with increasing frequency. The amino acid substitutions responsible for the ESBL phenotype cluster around the active site of the enzyme and change its configuration, allowing access to oxyimino-beta-lactam substrates. Opening the active site to beta-lactam substrates also typically enhances the susceptibility of the enzyme to b-lactamase inhibitors, such as clavulanic acid.  Although the inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamases are not ESBLs, they are often discussed with ESBLs because they are also derivatives of the classical TEM- or SHV-type enzymes. These enzymes were at first given the designation IRT for inhibitor-resistant TEM beta-lactamase; however, all have subsequently been renamed with numerical TEM designations. There are at least 19 distinct inhibitor-resistant TEM beta-lactamases. Inhibitor-resistant TEM beta-lactamases have been found mainly in clinical isolates of E. coli, but also some strains of K. pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, P. mirabilis, and Citrobacter freundii. Although the inhibitor-resistant TEM variants are resistant to inhibition by clavulanic acid and sulbactam, thereby showing clinical resistance to the beta-lactam-lactamase inhibitor combinations of amoxicillin-clavulanate (Co-amoxiclav), ticarcillin-clavulanate, and ampicillin/sulbactam, they normally remain susceptible to inhibition by tazobactam and subsequently the combination of piperacillin/tazobactam, although resistance has been described.
ARO:3000015	[SHV beta-lactamase] SHV-1 shares 68 percent of its amino acids with TEM-1 and has a similar overall structure. The SHV-1 beta-lactamase is most commonly found in K. pneumoniae and is responsible for up to 20% of the plasmid-mediated ampicillin resistance in this species. ESBLs in this family also have amino acid changes around the active site, most commonly at positions 238 or 238 and 240. More than 60 SHV varieties are known.
ARO:3000016	[CTX-M beta-lactamase] These enzymes were named for their greater activity against cefotaxime than other oxyimino-beta-lactam substrates (eg, ceftazidime, ceftriaxone, or cefepime). Rather than arising by mutation, they represent examples of plasmid acquisition of beta-lactamase genes normally found on the chromosome of Kluyvera species, a group of rarely pathogenic commensal organisms. These enzymes are not very closely related to TEM or SHV beta-lactamases in that they show only approximately 40% identity with these two commonly isolated beta-lactamases. Despite their name, a few are more active on ceftazidime than cefotaxime.  CTX-M-15 was recently found in bacterial strains expressing NDM-1 and were responsible for resistance to aztreonam.
ARO:3000017	[OXA beta-lactamase] OXA beta-lactamases were long recognized as a less common but also plasmid-mediated beta-lactamase variety that could hydrolyze oxacillin and related anti-staphylococcal penicillins. These beta-lactamases differ from the TEM and SHV enzymes in that they belong to molecular class D and functional group 2d. The OXA-type beta-lactamases confer resistance to ampicillin and cephalothin and are characterized by their high hydrolytic activity against oxacillin and cloxacillin and the fact that they are poorly inhibited by clavulanic acid. Amino acid substitutions in OXA enzymes can also give the ESBL phenotype. The OXA beta-lactamase family was originally created as a phenotypic rather than a genotypic group for a few beta-lactamases that had a specific hydrolysis profile. Therefore, there is as little as 20% sequence homology among some of the members of this family. However, recent additions to this family show some degree of homology to one or more of the existing members of the OXA beta-lactamase family. Some confer resistance predominantly to ceftazidime, but OXA-17 confers greater resistance to cefotaxime and cefepime than it does resistance to ceftazidime.
ARO:3000018	[IMI beta-lactamase] IMI beta-lactamases are a group of TEM-1-like beta-lactamase that are known to hydrolyze imipenem. IMI beta-lactamases are inhibited by clavulanic acid and tazobactam.
ARO:3000019	[unused cvterm 36028] Definition needed.
ARO:3000020	[IMP beta-lactamase] Plasmid mediated IMP-type carbapenemases, of which at least 26 varieties are currently known, became established in Japan in the 1990s in enteric gram-negative organisms, Pseudomonas and Acinetobacter species. Integron-associated, sometimes within plasmids. Hydrolyses all beta-lactams except monobactams, and evades all beta-lactam inhibitors.
ARO:3000021	[VIM beta-lactamase] The Verone integron-encoded metallo-beta-lactamase (VIM) family was reported from Italy in 1999. There are, to date, 23 reported variants.  VIM enzymes mostly occur in P. aeruginosa, also P. putida and, very rarely, Enterobacteriaceae. Integron-associated, sometimes within plasmids. Hydrolyses all beta-lactams except monobactams, and evades all beta-lactam inhibitors.  There is a strong incidence of these in East Asia.
ARO:3000022	[ristocetin] Ristocetin is a glycopeptide antibiotic similar to vancomycin but positively charged. It is not used clinically because it induces platelet agglutination.
ARO:3000023	[aminocoumarin sensitive parE] Subunit of the topoisomerase IV sensitive to aminocoumarins
ARO:3000024	[patA] PatA is an ABC transporter of Streptococcus pneumoniae that interacts with PatB to confer fluoroquinolone resistance.
ARO:3000025	[patB] PatB is an ABC transporter of Streptococcus pneumoniae that interacts with PatA to confer fluoroquinolone resistance..
ARO:3000026	[mepA] MepA is an efflux protein regulated by MepR and part of the MepRAB cluster. Its presence in Staphylococcus aureus led to multidrug resistance, while it has also been shown to decrease tigecycline susceptibility.
ARO:3000027	[emrA] EmrA is a membrane fusion protein, providing an efflux pathway with EmrB and TolC between the inner and outer membranes of E. coli, a Gram-negative bacterium.
ARO:3000032	[MIC] Minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC), in microbiology, is the lowest concentration of an antimicrobial that will inhibit the visible growth of a microorganism after overnight incubation.
ARO:3000034	[nucleoside antibiotic] Nucleoside antibiotics are made of modified nucleosides and nucleotides with wide-ranging activities and means of antibacterial effects.
ARO:3000035	[lipopeptide antibiotic] Lipopeptide antibiotics are aliphatic, with their hydrophobic components interacting with the bacterial cell membrane.
ARO:3000036	[tetracycline inactivation enzyme] Enzymes that confer resistance to tetracycline by inactivation
ARO:3000037	[Pfam-HMM] The Pfam database is a large collection of protein families, each represented by multiple sequence alignments and hidden Markov models (HMMs). A hidden Markov model (HMM) is a statistical model in which the system being modeled is assumed to be a Markov process with unobserved state. A HMM can be considered as the simplest dynamic Bayesian network.  Protein domain HMMs are used to model protein domains for both protein annotation and detection.  HMMs are used by CARD as tools for annotation of proteins.
ARO:3000039	[RegEx] Regular expressions, also referred to as regex or regexp, provide a concise and flexible means for matching strings of text, such as particular characters, words, or patterns of characters.  Annotation regular expression are used by CARD to assign ontology terms to genes, proteins, or other genomic features based on their text descriptions and annotations.
ARO:3000040	[hydrolysis of antibiotic conferring resistance] Hydrolysis of an antibiotic molecule to confer resistance.
ARO:3000041	[Anti-RegEx] Regular expressions, also referred to as regex or regexp, provide a concise and flexible means for matching strings of text, such as particular characters, words, or patterns of characters. Annotation regular expression are used by CARD to assign ontology terms to genes, proteins, or other genomic features based on their text descriptions and annotations.  Annotation exclusion regular expression (Anti-RegEx) define matches to annotation regular expressions that should not be considered for assignment of an ontology term.
ARO:3000042	[beta-lactamase inhibitor] Molecules that inhibit the action of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3000043	[VEB beta-lactamase] VEB beta-lactamases or Vietnamese extended-spectrum beta-lactamases are class A beta-lactamases that confer high-level resistance to oxyimino cephalosporins and to aztreonam
ARO:3000044	[CARD-HMM] Custom polypeptide hidden Markov models (HMMs) developed by CARD for protein annotation (as opposed to HMMs available in the Pfam database). A hidden Markov model (HMM) is a statistical model in which the system being modeled is assumed to be a Markov process with unobserved state. A HMM can be considered as the simplest dynamic Bayesian network. Protein domain HMMs are used to model protein domains for both protein annotation and detection. CARD HMMs are associated with curator determined bit-score cut-offs for accurate identification and annotation of proteins.
ARO:3000045	[antibiotic resistance terminology] A collection of curated terms relating to antibiotic resistance and the Comprehensive Antibiotic Resistance Database.
ARO:3000050	[tetracycline derivative] These antibiotics are derived from tetracycline, a polyketide antibiotic that inhibits the 30S subunit of bacterial ribosomes.
ARO:3000051	[serovar] A serotype or serovar is a group of microorganisms, viruses, or cells classified together based on their cell surface antigens.
ARO:3000052	[phenicol resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to phenicol antibiotics.
ARO:3000053	[peptide antibiotic] Peptide antibiotics have a wide range of antibacterial mechanisms, depending on the amino acids that make up the antibiotic.
ARO:3000054	[acridine dye] Acridine dyes are cell permeable, basic molecules with an acridine chromophore. These compounds intercalate DNA.
ARO:3000055	[SME beta-lactamase] SME beta-lactamases are chromosome-mediated class A beta-lactamases that hydrolyze carbapenems in Serratia marcescens.
ARO:3000056	[PER beta-lactamase] PER beta-lactamases are plasmid-mediated extended spectrum beta-lactamases found in the Enterobacteriaceae family.
ARO:3000057	[NDM beta-lactamase] NDM beta-lactamases or New Delhi metallo-beta-lactamases are class B beta-lactamases that confer resistance to a broad range of antibiotics including carbapenems, cephalosporins and penicillins.
ARO:3000058	[MIR beta-lactamase] MIR beta-lactamases are plasmid-mediated beta-lactamases that confer resistance to oxyimino- and alpha-methoxy beta-lactams
ARO:3000059	[KPC beta-lactamase] Klebsiella pneumoniae carbapenem resistant (KPC) beta-lactamases are notorious for their ability to efficiently hydrolyze carbapenems, unlike other Ambler Class A beta-lactamases.  There are currently 9 variants reported worldwide.  These enzymes were first isolated from Klebsiella pneumoniae strains in 2001 in the United States.  Hospital outbreaks have since been reported in Greece and Israel and KPC carrying strains are now endemic to New York facilities.  KPC-1 and KPC-2 have been shown to be identical and are now referred to as KPC-2.
ARO:3000060	[IND beta-lactamase] IND beta-lactamases are class B carbapenem-hydrolyzing beta-lactamases
ARO:3000066	[GES beta-lactamase] GES beta-lactamases or Guiana extended-spectrum beta-lactamases are related to the other plasmid-located class A beta-lactamases
ARO:3000067	[FOX beta-lactamase] FOX beta-lactamases are plasmid-encoded AmpC-type beta-lactamase which conferred resistance to broad-spectrum cephalosporins and cephamycins
ARO:3000068	[DHA beta-lactamase] DHA beta-lactamases are plasmid-mediated AmpC β-lactamases that confer resistance to cephamycins and oxyimino-cephalosporins.
ARO:3000069	[CMY beta-lactamase] CMY beta-lactamases are plasmid-mediated class C beta-lactamases that encodes for resistance to cephamycins.
ARO:3000070	[CFE beta-lactamase] CFE beta-lactamases are novel plasma-encoded AmpC beta-lactamases that confer resistance to extended-spectrum cephalosporins and cephamycins.
ARO:3000071	[vanS] VanS is similar to histidine protein kinases like EnvZ and acts as a response regulator by activating VanR. VanS is required for high level transcription of other van glycopeptide resistance genes.
ARO:3000072	[ACT beta-lactamase] ACT beta-lactamases, also known as AmpC beta-lactamases, are cephalosporinases that cannot be inhibited by clavulanate. These enzymes are encoded by genes located on the chromosome and can be induced by the presence of beta-lactam antibiotics. However recently, these genes have been found on plasmids and expressed at high constitutive levels in Escherichia coli and Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000073	[ACC beta-lactamase] ACC beta-lactamases or Ambler class C beta-lactamases are AmpC beta-lactamases. They possess an interesting resistance phenotype due to their low activity against cephamycins.
ARO:3000074	[emrB] emrB is a translocase in the emrB -TolC efflux protein in E. coli. It recognizes substrates including carbonyl cyanide m-chlorophenylhydrazone (CCCP), nalidixic acid, and thioloactomycin.
ARO:3000075	[class D beta-lactamase] Class D beta-lactamases are one of the subgroups of beta-lactamases that are classified as serine enzymes.
ARO:3000076	[class C beta-lactamase] AmpC type beta-lactamases are commonly isolated from extended-spectrum cephalosporin-resistant Gram-negative bacteria. AmpC beta-lactamases (also termed class C or group 1) are typically encoded on the chromosome of many Gram-negative bacteria including Citrobacter, Serratia and Enterobacter species where its expression is usually inducible; it may also occur on Escherichia coli but is not usually inducible, although it can be hyperexpressed. AmpC type beta-lactamases may also be carried on plasmids. AmpC beta-lactamases, in contrast to ESBLs, hydrolyse broad and extended-spectrum cephalosporins (cephamycins as well as to oxyimino-beta-lactams) but are not inhibited by beta-lactamase inhibitors such as clavulanic acid.
ARO:3000077	[vanY] VanY is a D,D-carboxypeptidase that cleaves removes the terminal D-Ala from peptidoglycan for the addition of D-Lactate. The D-Ala-D-Lac peptidoglycan subunits have reduced binding affinity with vancomycin compared to D-Ala-D-Ala.
ARO:3000078	[class A beta-lactamase] The Class A beta-lactamases are one of the subgroups of beta-lactamases that are classified as serine enzymes. Class A beta-lactamases exhibit a large degree of variability and are known to hydrolyze penicillins.
ARO:3000079	[oxazolidinone antibiotic] Oxazolidinones are a class of synthetic antibiotics discovered the the 1980's.  They inhibit protein synthesis by binding to domain V of the 23S rRNA of the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes.  Linezolid is the only member of this class currently in clinical use.
ARO:3000080	[aminonucleoside antibiotic] Aminonucleoside antibiotics are nucleoside antibiotics that contain an amino group. This amino group is often acylated, e.g. puromycin.
ARO:3000081	[glycopeptide antibiotic] Glycopeptide antibiotics are natural products produced non-ribosomally by Actinomycetales bacteria. With the exception of bleomycins, they act by binding the terminal D-Ala-D-Ala in peptidoglycan precursors of the growing bacterial cell wall and are generally active against Gram-positive bacteria.  This inhibits transglycosylation leading to cell death due to osmotic stress.
ARO:3000082	[antibiotic biosynthesis] The biological synthesis of antibiotics.
ARO:3000083	[MOX beta-lactamase] MOX beta-lactamases are plasmid-mediated AmpC-type beta-lactamases.
ARO:3000084	[LAT beta-lactamase] LAT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3000085	[CMY-LAT-MOX beta-lactamase] A grouping of the related CMY, LAT, and MOX beta-lactamases
ARO:3000086	[CMY-LAT beta-lactamase] A grouping of the related CMY and LAT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3000087	[CMY-MOX beta-lactamase] A grouping of the related CMY and MOX beta-lactamases
ARO:3000088	[protein structure] The three dimensional structure of a protein.
ARO:3000089	[AER beta-lactamase] AER beta-lactamases.
ARO:3000090	[BLA1] BLA1 is a chromosomal-encoded beta-lactamase found in Bacillus anthracis which hydrolyzes penicillins.
ARO:3000091	[CARB beta-lactamase] CARB beta-lactamases are class A lactamases that can hydrolyze carbenicillin. Many of the PSE beta-lactamases have been renamed as CARB-lactamases with the notable exception of PSE-2 which is now OXA-10.
ARO:3000092	[unused cvterm 36231] Definition needed.
ARO:3000093	[regulates] A relationship ontology term in which the subject regulates expression of the object.
ARO:3000094	[OCH beta-lactamase] OCH beta-lactamases are Ambler class C chromosomal-encoded beta-lactamases in Ochrobactrum anthropi
ARO:3000095	[SRT beta-lactamase] SRT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3000096	[SHV-LEN beta-lactamase] A grouping of the related SHV and LEN beta-lactamases.
ARO:3000097	[LEN beta-lactamase] LEN beta-lactamases are chromosomal class A beta-lactamases that confer resistance to ampicillin, amoxicillin, carbenicillin, and ticarcillin but not to extended-spectrum beta-lactams.
ARO:3000098	[PDC beta-lactamase] PDC beta-lactamases are class C extended-spectrum beta-lactamases that are found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
ARO:3000099	[unused cvterm 36238] Definition needed.
ARO:3000100	[gene modulating beta-lactam resistance] Genes that directly or indirectly modulate beta-lactam resistance.
ARO:3000101	[GenBank Exemplar] A typical example or instance from the GenBank database, usually referenced by an accession number. GenBank integrates data from the major DNA and protein sequence databases along with taxonomy, genome, mapping, protein structure and domain information, and the biomedical journal literature via PubMed.
ARO:3000102	[fluoroquinolone resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to fluoroquinolones.
ARO:3000103	[aminocoumarin antibiotic] Aminocoumarin antibiotics bind DNA gyrase subunit B to inhibit ATP-dependent DNA supercoiling.
ARO:3000104	[aminoglycoside resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to aminoglycoside antibiotics.
ARO:3000105	[phosphorylation of antibiotic conferring resistance] Phosphorylation of antibiotic usually by ATP, sometimes GTP
ARO:3000106	[acylation of antibiotic conferring resistance] Addition of an acyl group to an antibiotic, often via acetylation by acetylCoA.
ARO:3000107	[nucleotidylyation of antibiotic conferring resistance] Modification by NMP, usually AMP.
ARO:3000111	[novobiocin] Novobiocin is an aminocoumarin antibiotic produced by Streptomyces spheroides and Streptomyces niveus, and binds DNA gyrase subunit B inhibiting ATP-dependent DNA supercoiling.
ARO:3000112	[multidrug and toxic compound extrusion (MATE) transporter] Directed pumping of antibiotic out of a cell to confer resistance. Multidrug and toxic compound extrusion (MATE) transporters utilize the cationic gradient across the membrane as an energy source. Although there is a diverse substrate specificity, almost all MATE transporters recognize fluoroquinolones. Arciflavine, ethidium and aminoglycosides are also good substrates.
ARO:3000113	[vga] Vga-type efflux proteins are expressed in staphylococci that confer resistance to streptogramin A antibiotics. It is associated with plasmid DNA.
ARO:3000114	[aminoglycoside phosphotransferase (APH)] Kinases that modify aminoglycoside antibiotics by phosphorylation using NTPs as cofactor
ARO:3000115	[antibiotic resistant DNA topoisomerase subunit parE] ParE is a subunit of topoisomerase IV, which decatenates and relaxes DNA to allow access to genes for transcription or translation. Mutations in ParE prevents antibiotics from inhibiting DNA synthesis, thus conferring resistance.
ARO:3000116	[vanZ] VanZ is a teicoplanin resistance gene that is an accessory protein. VanZ prevents the incorporation of the terminal D-Ala into peptidoglycan subunits.
ARO:3000117	[antibiotic A47934] A47934 is an 'aglycone' glycopeptide antibiotic produced by Streptomyces toyocaensis. It is a teicoplanin-like glycopeptide.
ARO:3000118	[vgaB] Vga(B) is an efflux protein expressed in staphylococci that confers resistance to streptogramin A antibiotics and related compounds. It is associated with plasmid DNA.
ARO:3000119	[edeine] Edeines are basic linear peptides produced by Bacillus brevis Vm4. They have antibacterial as well as antifungal, antiviral, and anticancer properties. Edeines are bacteriostatic and bacteriocidal at low and high concentrations, respectively. They are able to inhibit DNA synthesis and protein translation. These compounds are synthesized by nonribosomal peptide synthetases and contain numerous unusual amino acids.
ARO:3000120	[balhimycin] Balhimycin is a vancomycin-like glycopeptide antibiotic produced by Amycolatopsis balhimycina. It binds to the terminal Lys-D-Ala-D-Ala of peptidoglycan precursors.
ARO:3000121	[aminoglycoside acetyltransferase (AAC)] Aminoglycoside acetyltransferase enzymes modify aminoglycoside antibiotics by catalyzing the transfer of an acetyl group to one of the amino groups present in aminoglycosides, using acetyl coenzyme A as a donor substrate.
ARO:3000122	[chloramphenicol acetyltransferase (CAT)] Inactivates chloramphenicol by addition of an acyl group. cat is used to describe many variants of the chloramphenicol acetyltransferase gene in a range of organisms including Acinetobacter calcoaceticus, Agrobacterium tumefaciens, Bacillus clausii, Bacillus subtilis, Campylobacter coli, Enterococcus faecalis, Enterococcus faecium, Lactococcus lactis, Listeria monocytogenes, Listonella anguillarum Morganella morganii, Photobacterium damselae subsp. piscicida, Proteus mirabilis, Salmonella typhi, Serratia marcescens, Shigella flexneri, Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcus haemolyticus, Staphylococcus intermedius, Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus suis and Streptomyces acrimycini
ARO:3000123	[gramicidin] Gramicidins are a family of antibiotics synthesized by Bacillus brevis. It includes the linear pentadecapeptides gramicidin A, B and C that make up the mixture gramicidin D. Gramicidin S is a cyclic peptide chain. Gramicidins are also components of tyrothricins, another mixture of antibiotics produced by Bacillus brevis.
ARO:3000124	[mecI] mecI acts as a repressor of transcription of the mecA/mecR1/mecI operon.
ARO:3000125	[hydrolysis of fosfomycin epoxide ring] The use of different nucleophilic molecules by enzymes can break up the epoxide ring of fosfomycin and render the molecule ineffective.
ARO:3000126	[APH(3')] Phosphorylation of 2-deoxystreptamine aminoglycosides on the hydroxyl group at position 3'
ARO:3000127	[APH(3'')] Phosphorylation of streptomycin on the hydroxyl group at position 3''
ARO:3000128	[APH(2'')] Phosphorylation of 2-deoxystreptamine aminoglycosides on the hydroxyl group at position 2''
ARO:3000129	[beta-lactam resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to beta-lactams.
ARO:3000130	[edeine A] Edeine A is a subtype of the peptide antibiotic edeine, composed of beta-tyr, beta-ser, diaminopropionic acid, diaminohydroxyazelaic acid, glycine, and spermidine. Edeine A is a mixture of edeine A1 and its inactive isomer, edeine A2. Edeines bind to the 30S subunit to block fMet-tRNA interaction at the P site, inhibiting protein synthesis and subsequent structure/function processes critical for life or replication.
ARO:3000131	[streptogramin resistance efflux pump] These ABC efflux pumps confer resistance to streptogramins.
ARO:3000132	[clorobiocin] Clorobiocin is an aminocoumarin antibiotic produced by Streptomyces roseochromogenes, and binds DNA gyrase subunit B to inhibit ATP-dependent DNA supercoiling.
ARO:3000133	[fosfomycin thiol transferase] Catalyzes the addition of a thiol group from a nucleophilic molecule to fosfomycin.
ARO:3000134	[edeine B] Edeine B is a subtype of the peptide antibiotic edeine, composed of beta-tyr, beta-ser, diaminopropionic acid, diaminohydroxyazelaic acid, glycine, and guanylspermidine. Edeine B is a mixture of edeine B1 and its inactive isomer, edeine B2.  Edeines bind to the 30S subunit to block fMet-tRNA interaction at the P site, inhibiting protein synthesis and subsequent structure/function processes critical for life or replication. Edeine B has also been shown to inhibit septation and cause filamentous morphology, also leading to cell death.
ARO:3000135	[edeine D] Edeine D is a subtype of edeine similar to edeine A with the beta-tyr replaced by beta-phe-beta-ala. Edeines bind to the 30S subunit to block fMet-tRNA interaction at the P site, inhibiting protein synthesis and subsequent structure/function processes critical for life or replication.
ARO:3000136	[edeine F] Edeine F is a subtype of edeine similar to edeine B with beta-tyr replaced by beta-phe-beta-ala. Edeines bind to the 30S subunit to block fMet-tRNA interaction at the P site, inhibiting protein synthesis and subsequent structure/function processes critical for life or replication.
ARO:3000145	[tylosin] Tylosin is a 16-membered macrolide, naturally produced by Streptomyces fradiae. It interacts with the bacterial ribosome 50S subunit to inhibit protein synthesis.
ARO:3000149	[FosA] An enzyme that confers resistance to fosfomycin in Serratia marcescens by breaking the epoxide ring of the molecule. It depends on the cofactors Manganese (II) and Potassium and uses Glutathione (GSH) as the nucleophilic molecule. 
ARO:3000150	[coumermycin A1] Coumermycin A1 is an antibiotic produced by Streptomyces rishiriensis, and binds DNA gyrase subunit B to inhibit ATP-dependent DNA supercoiling.
ARO:3000151	[APH(6)] Phosphorylation of streptomycin on the hydroxyl group at position 6
ARO:3000152	[minocycline] Minocycline is second generation semi-synthetic derivative of the tetracycline group of antibiotics. It inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S subunit of the bacterial ribosome and preventing the aminotransferase-tRNA from associating with the ribosome.
ARO:3000153	[APH(9)] Phosphorylation of spectinomycin on the hydroxyl group at position 9
ARO:3000154	[APH(7'')] Phosphorylation of hygromycin on the hydroxyl group at position 7''
ARO:3000155	[APH(4)] Phosphorylation of hygromycin on the hydroxyl group at position 4
ARO:3000156	[spiramycin] Spiramycin is a 16-membered macrolide and is natural product produced by Streptomyces ambofaciens. It binds to the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes and inhibits peptidyl transfer activity to disrupt protein synthesis.
ARO:3000157	[rifamycin antibiotic] Rifamycin antibiotics are a group of broad-spectrum ansamycin antibiotics that inhibit bacterial RNA polymerase by binding to a highly conserved region, blocking the oligonucleotide exit tunnel, and preventing the extension of nascent mRNAs.
ARO:3000158	[azithromycin] Azithromycin is a 15-membered macrolide and falls under the subclass of azalide. Like other macrolides, azithromycin binds bacterial ribosomes to inhibit protein synthesis. The nitrogen substitution at the C-9a position prevents its degradation.
ARO:3000159	[efflux pump conferring antibiotic resistance] Efflux proteins that pump antibiotic out of a cell to confer resistance.
ARO:3000160	[blaI] blaI acts as a repressor of transcription of the blaZ/blaR1/blaI operon.
ARO:3000161	[mutant porin protein conferring antibiotic resistance] Porins with substitutions conferring reduced permeability to antibiotics, primarily cephalosporins.
ARO:3000162	[Resistance Variant] An amino acid or nucleotide substitution, produced by a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP), that confers antibiotic resistance. Format is [wild-type][position][mutation].
ARO:3000163	[BLASTP e-value] A expectation value cut-off for significant BLASTP hit.
ARO:3000164	[rRNA methyltransferase conferring antibiotic resistance] Catalyzes methylation of rRNA
ARO:3000165	[tetA] TetA is a tetracycline efflux pump found in many species of Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000166	[tetB] Tet(B) is a tetracycline efflux protein expressed in many Gram-negative bacteria. It confers resistance to tetracycline, doxycycline, and minocycline, but not tigecycline.
ARO:3000167	[tetC] Tet(C) is a tetracycline efflux pump found in many species of Gram-negative bacteria. It is typically found in plasmid DNA.
ARO:3000168	[tetD] TetD is a tetracycline efflux pump found exclusively in Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000169	[rifampin] Rifampin is a semi-synthetic rifamycin, and inhibits RNA synthesis by binding to RNA polymerase. Rifampin is the mainstay agent for the treatment of tuberculosis, leprosy and complicated Gram-positive infections.
ARO:3000170	[imipenem] Imipenem is a broad-spectrum antibiotic and is usually taken with cilastatin, which prevents hydrolysis of imipenem by renal dehydropeptidase-I. It is resistant to hydrolysis by most other beta-lactamases. Notable exceptions are the KPC beta-lactamases and Ambler Class B enzymes.
ARO:3000171	[diaminopyrimidine] Diaminopyrimidines are a class of organic compounds containing a pyrimidine ring substituted by two amine groups.  They are inhibitors of dihydrofolate reductase, an enzyme critical for DNA synthesis.
ARO:3000172	[FosB] A thiol transferase that leads to the resistance of fosfomycin. Contrasting FosA, FosB is dependent on the cofactor Magnesium (II) and uses either bacillithiol or  L-cysteine to open up the epoxide ring of fosfomycin.
ARO:3000173	[tetE] TetE is a tetracycline efflux pump found in many Gram-negative bacteria, especially those in water environments. The gene is found on large plasmids.
ARO:3000174	[tetG] TetG is a tetracycline efflux protein found in Gram-negative bacteria. It is found in both chromosomal and plasmid DNA, and is linked to floR, sul1, and cmlA9 (florfenicol/chloramphenicol, sulfamethoxazole, and chloramphenicol resistance genes, respectively).
ARO:3000175	[tetH] TetH is a tetracycline efflux protein expressed in Gram-negative bacteria (Actinobacillus, Acinetobacter, Gallibacterium, Histophilus, Mannheimia, Moraxella, Pasteurella, and Psychrobacter). Its gene is linked to the resistance genes sul2, and strAB, which confer resistance to sulfamethoxazole and streptomycin, respectively.
ARO:3000176	[dirithromycin] Dirithromycin is an oxazine derivative of erythromycin, sharing the 14-carbon macrolide ring. The antibiotic binds to the 50S subunit of the ribosome to inhibit bacterial protein synthesis.
ARO:3000177	[tetJ] TetJ is a tetracycline efflux protein expressed in Gram-negative bacteria (Escherichia, Morganella, and Proteus).
ARO:3000178	[tetK] TetK is a tetracycline efflux protein found in both Gram-negative (Haemophilus and Gallibacterium) and Gram-positive (many species, including mycobacteria) bacteria.
ARO:3000179	[tetL] TetL is a tetracycline efflux protein found in many species of Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria.
ARO:3000180	[tetA(P)] TetA(P) is a inner membrane tetracycline efflux protein found on the same operon as the ribosomal protection protein TetB(P). It is found in Clostridium, a Gram-positive bacterium.
ARO:3000181	[tetV] TetV is a tetracycline efflux protein that has been found in Mycobacterium smegmatis and M. fortuitum.
ARO:3000182	[tetY] TetY is a tetracycline efflux pump found in Gram-negative bacteria (Aeromonas and Escherichia). It is associated with plasmid DNA.
ARO:3000183	[tetZ] TetZ is a tetracycline efflux protein found in Gram-positive bacteria (Corynebacterium and Lactobacillus). It is associated with plasmid DNA.
ARO:3000184	[chloroeremomycin] Chloroeremomycin is a vancomycin-like glycopeptide, with three sugars instead of two in vancomycin and balhimycin. Chloroeremomycin dimerizes and binds to the terminus of peptidoglycan precursors.
ARO:3000185	[antibiotic target protection protein] These proteins confer antibiotic resistance by bind the antibiotic target to prevent antibiotic binding.
ARO:3000186	[tetM] TetM is a ribosomal protection protein that confers tetracycline resistance. It is found on transposable DNA elements and its horizontal transfer between bacterial species has been documented.
ARO:3000187	[hydrolysis of beta-lactam antibiotic by serine beta-lactamase] Mechanism of enzymatic degradation common to Ambler Class A, C and D beta-lactamases.  A serine residue located in the active site is used to form an acyl-enzyme intermediate and subsequent hydrolysis renders the beta-lactam inactive.
ARO:3000188	[trimethoprim] Trimethoprim is a synthetic 5-(3,4,5- trimethoxybenzyl) pyrimidine inhibitor of dihydrofolate reductase, inhibiting synthesis of tetrahydrofolic acid. Tetrahydrofolic acid is an essential precursor in the de novo synthesis of the DNA nucleotide thymidine. Trimethoprim is a bacteriostatic antibiotic mainly used in the prophylaxis and treatment of urinary tract infections in combination with sulfamethoxazole, a sulfonamide antibiotic.
ARO:3000189	[oritavancin] Oritavancin is a semi-synthetic derivative of chloroeremomycin, a vancomycin-like glycopeptide. Oritavancin inhibits both transglycosylation and transpeptidation, by binding both the D-Ala-D-Ala and pentaglycine bridge segments of peptidoglycan to inhibit cell wall formation.
ARO:3000190	[tetO] TetO is a ribosomal protection protein. It is associated with conjugative plasmids.
ARO:3000191	[tetQ] TetQ is a ribosomal protection protein. Its gene is associated with a conjugative transposon and has been found in both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000192	[tetS] Tet(S) is a ribosomal protection protein found in Gram-positive and Gram-negative strains. It is similar to tet(M) and tet(O).
ARO:3000193	[tetT] Tet(T) is a ribosomal protection protein of streptococci. It is similar to Tet(Q).
ARO:3000194	[tetW] TetW is a ribosomal protection protein. It is associated with both conjugative and non conjugative DNA and has been found strains of C. difficile.
ARO:3000195	[tetB(P)] TetB(P) is a tetracycline ribosomal protection protein found on the same operon as tetA(P), a tetracycline efflux protein.
ARO:3000196	[tet32] Tet32 is a tetracycline resistance gene similar to Tet(O), and binds to the ribosome to confer tetracycline resistance as a ribosomal protection protein.
ARO:3000197	[tet36] Tet36 is a tetracycline resistance gene found in Bacteroides similar to Tet(Q), and binds to the ribosome to confer antibiotic resistance as a ribosomal protection protein.
ARO:3000198	[FosX] FosX is an enzyme used to confer resistance to fosfomycin. It's dependent on the cofactor, manganese (II), and uses water to generate a vicinal diol.
ARO:3000199	[gramicidin D] Gramicidin D is a mixture of the linear peptides gramicidin A, B, and C, each with 15 alternating L- and D-amino acids. They are active against most gram-positive bacteria and select gram-negative bacteria. These compounds create channels in the bacterial membrane and increase the permeability to cations.
ARO:3000200	[gramicidin S] Gramicidin S is a cyclical decapeptide with two pentapeptides (Val-Orn-Leu-D-Phe-Pro) joined head to tail. Like other gramicidins, Gramicidin S disrupts membrane permeability of cations while also destabilizing the membrane at higher concentrations.
ARO:3000201	[macrolide inactivation enzyme] Enzymes that inactivate macrolide antibiotics by chemical modification.
ARO:3000202	[Cfr 23S ribosomal RNA methyltransferase] The product of cfr catalyzes methylation of the 23S rRNA subunit at A2503, conferring resistance to many drugs that target protein synthesis.
ARO:3000203	[hydrolysis of beta-lactam antibiotic by metallo-beta-lactamase] Mechanism of enzymatic degradation common to Ambler Class B beta-lactamases. One or two zinc atoms are used to orient a hydroxide nucleophile for attack of the beta-lactam ring.  In contrast to serine beta-lactamases, no acyl-enzyme intermediate is formed.
ARO:3000204	[Alignment HMM] Custom polypeptide hidden Markov models (HMMs) developed by CARD for generation of multiple sequence alignments and mapping of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) or other sequence variants. These are not associated with bit-score cut-offs for annotation of proteins.
ARO:3000205	[tetX] TetX is a flavin-dependent monooxygenase conferring resistance to tetracycline antibiotics. Hydroxylates at position 11a of the tetraketide.
ARO:3000206	[emrK] emrK is a membrane fusion protein that is a homolog of EmrA. Together with the inner membrane transporter EmrY and the outer membrane channel TolC, it mediates multidrug efflux.
ARO:3000207	[acrA] Protein subunit of AcrA-AcrB-TolC multidrug efflux complex. AcrA represents the periplasmic portion of the transport protein.
ARO:3000208	[glycosylation of antibiotic conferring resistance] Addition of glycosyl moiety to antibiotics thereby inactivating them.
ARO:3000209	[antibiotic resistant DNA topoisomerase subunit parY] ParY is part of a topoisomerase IV that is resistant to antibiotics that affect other topoisomerases.
ARO:3000210	[rifamycin resistant beta-subunit of RNA polymerase (rpoB)] Rifampin resistant RNA polymerases include amino acids substitutions which disrupt the affinity of rifampin for its binding site. These mutations are frequently concentrated in the rif I region of the beta-subunit and most often involve amino acids which make direct interactions with rifampin. However, mutations which also confer resistance can occur outside this region and may involve amino acids which do not directly make contact with rifampin.
ARO:3000211	[ribosomal alteration conferring antibiotic resistance] Chemical alteration of the ribosome results in modification of an antibiotic's target leading to resistance.
ARO:3000212	[mutation conferring antibiotic resistance] Point mutations in the DNA may lead to an altered gene product that may result in antibiotic resistance. Examples included modified antibiotic targets with lower binding affinities and the deactivation of repressors that result in increased expression of genes that inactivate or pump out antibiotics.
ARO:3000213	[re-structuring of the cell wall conferring antibiotic resistance] Peptidoglycan precursors ending in D-Ala-D-Lac instead of D-Ala-D-Ala conferring high level glycopeptide resistance.
ARO:3000214	[hygromycin B] Hygromycin B is an aminoglycoside antibiotic used to treat different types of bacterial infections. Hygromycin B works by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of mRNA and leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth. Hygromycin B has also been shown to interact with eukaryotic cells.
ARO:3000215	[mecR1] mecR1 is a transmembrane spanning and signal transducing protein which in response to interaction with beta-lactam antibiotics results in upregulation of the mecA/mecR1/mecI operon.
ARO:3000216	[acrB] Protein subunit of AcrA-AcrB-TolC multidrug efflux complex. AcrB functions as a herterotrimer which forms the inner membrane component and is primarily responsible for substrate recognition and energy transduction by acting as a drug/proton antiporter.
ARO:3000217	[blaR1] blaR1 is a transmembrane spanning and signal transducing protein which in response to interaction with beta-lactam antibiotics results in upregulation of the blaZ/blaR1/blaI operon.
ARO:3000218	[aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase (ANT)] Covalent modification of aminoglycoside antibiotic hydroxyl group by ATP-dependent transfer of AMP.
ARO:3000219	[mutant efflux regulatory protein conferring antibiotic resistance] Efflux regulatory proteins with mutations that result in increased expression of efflux proteins.
ARO:3000220	[antibiotic resistant DNA topoisomerase subunit gyrB] Point mutations in gyrB confer antibiotic resistance by preventing drugs from binding the beta-subunit of gyrase, essential for DNA supercoiling.
ARO:3000221	[lincosamide nucleotidyltransferase (LIN)] Resistance to the lincosamide antibiotic by ATP-dependent modification of the 3' and/or 4'-hydroxyl groups of the methylthiolincosamide sugar.
ARO:3000222	[gramicidin A] Gramicidin A is the most abundant (more than 80%) of the three gramicidins in gramicidin D, with a tryptophan in position 11. Gramicidins form dimers in the bacterial membrane that increase the permeability of cations.
ARO:3000223	[gramicidin B] Gramicidin B is one of the three gramicidins in gramicidin D, with a phenylalanine in position 11. It is structurally similar to gramicidin A, but its ability to induce the assembly of bilayers is reduced. Gramicidins form dimers in the bacterial membrane that increase the permeability of cations.
ARO:3000224	[gramicidin C] Gramicidin C is one of the three gramicidins in gramicidin D, with a tyrosine in position 11. It is structurally similar to gramicidin A, but its ability to induce the assembly of bilayers is reduced. Gramicidins form dimers in the bacterial membrane that increase the permeability of cations.
ARO:3000225	[ANT(6)] Nucelotidylylation of streptomycin at the hydroxyl group at position 6
ARO:3000226	[antibiotic resistant folP] Point mutations in dihydropteroate synthase folP prevent sulfonamide antibiotics from inhibiting its role in folate synthesis, thus conferring sulfonamide resistance.
ARO:3000227	[tyrothricin] Tyrothricin is a mixture of antibiotics including tyrocidines and gramicidins, isolated from Bacillus brevis.
ARO:3000228	[ANT(9)] Nucleotidylylation of spectinomycin at the hydroxyl group at position 9
ARO:3000229	[ANT(4')] Nucleotidylylation of 2-deoxystreptamine aminoglycosides at the hydroxyl group at position 4'
ARO:3000230	[ANT(2'')-Ia] Plasmid or integron-encoded nucleotidylylation of 2-deoxystreptamine aminoglycosides at the hydroxyl group at position 2'' in P. aeruginosa, K. pneumoniae, Morganella morganii, E. coli, S. typhimurium, C. freundii and A. baumannii
ARO:3000231	[beta-lactam resistance operon] An operon conferring resistance to beta-lactam antibiotics.
ARO:3000232	[ANT(3'')-Ia] Nucleotidylylation of streptomycin at the hydroxyl group at position 3''
ARO:3000233	[streptogramin inactivation enzyme] There are two types of enzymatic inactivation for streptogramins: 1) vgB - lyase linearizes type B streptogramins by breaking the ester linkage, and 2) vat - acetyltransferases modify type A streptogramins by transferring an acetyl group from acetyl-CoA to the secondary hydroxyl.
ARO:3000234	[glycopeptide resistance gene cluster] Genes that confer resistance to vancomycin and teicoplanin type antibiotics
ARO:3000235	[ethambutol resistant embB] embB gene encodes for an arabinosyl transferase in the arabinogalactan synthesis pathway. It is inhibited by ethambutol. Mutations within the ERDR region of embB confers resistance to ethambutol.
ARO:3000236	[glycopeptide resistance gene cluster VanA] This inducible cluster confers high resistance to both vancomycin and teicoplanin by allowing restructuring of peptidoglycan precursors to end in D-Ala-D-Lac. The vanA gene cluster can be located either on plasmids or on the chromosome\n\nGene orientation: vanRSHAXYZ
ARO:3000237	[tolC] TolC is a protein subunit of many multidrug efflux complexes in Gram negative bacteria. It is an outer membrane efflux protein and is constitutively open. Regulation of efflux activity is often at its periplasmic entrance by other components of the efflux complex.
ARO:3000238	[glycopeptide resistance gene cluster VanB] This inducible cluster confers resistance to vancomycin but organisms remain sensitive to teicoplanin by allowing restructuring of peptidoglycan precursors to end in D-Ala-D-Lac.  Sensitivity to teicoplanin is due to lack of binding to the sensor kinase VanS. The vanB gene cluster can be located either on plasmids or on the chromosome.\n\nGene orientation: vanRSYWHBX
ARO:3000239	[tetracycline resistance efflux pump] These efflux transporters, found in Staphylococcus aureus, selectively pump out tetracycline or tetracycline derivatives. Each transporter may be specific to certain tetracyclines. otrC and tet35 are the only ABC transporters in this category; the rest belong to the MFS family.
ARO:3000240	[streptogramin resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to streptogramin antibiotics.
ARO:3000241	[lincosamide resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to lincosamides.
ARO:3000243	[confers_resistance_to] A relationship ontology term in which the subject confers antibiotic resistance to the object.
ARO:3000244	[reduced permeability to antibiotic] Reduction in permeability to antibiotic, generally through reduced production of porins, can provide resistance.
ARO:3000245	[RbpA] RNA-polymerase binding protein which confers resistance to rifampin.
ARO:3000246	[glycopeptide resistance gene cluster VanC] Confers low vancomycin resistance by engineering peptidoglycan precursors ending in D-Ala-D-Ser in an inducible or constitutive manner.  The vanC cluster is intrinsic to the Enterococcus gallinarum chromosome. vanC organisms remain susceptible to teicoplanin. Gene orientation: vanC(XY)TRS
ARO:3000247	[phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP) mutase] A tetrameric protein that converts phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP) to phosponopyruvate (Ppyr).
ARO:3000248	[DnaA] DnaA is a chromosomal replication initiation protein, but under certain conditions provides rifampin resistance by interacting with RNA polymerase.
ARO:3000249	[chloramphenicol phosphotransferase] ATP-dependent kinase modifies the C-3 hydroxyl group of chloramphenicol.  Source is the chloramphenicol producer Streptomyces venezuelae.
ARO:3000250	[ErmC] ErmC is a methyltransferase that catalyzes the methylation of A2058 of the 23S ribosomal RNA in two steps. Expression of ErmC is inducible by erythromycin. The leader peptide causes attenuation of the mRNA and stabilizes the structure preventing further translation. When erythromycin is present, it binds the leader peptide causing a change in conformation allowing for the expression of ErmC.
ARO:3000251	[msrA] MsrA is an ABC-efflux pump expressed to Staphylococcus species that confers resistance to erythromycin and streptogramin B antibiotics. It is associated with plasmid DNA.
ARO:3000252	[mutant porin Omp36 with reduced permeability to antibiotic] Mutant forms of the porin Omp36 result in reduced permeability to antibiotics.
ARO:3000253	[glycopeptide resistance gene cluster VanD] Homologous to vanA, contains a D-Ala-D-Lac ligase.  This cluster is constitutively expressed in the chromosome due to a dysfunctional D-ala-D-ala ligase and confers moderate resistance to both vancomycin and teicoplanin\n\nGene orientation: vanRSYHDX
ARO:3000254	[emrY] emrY is a multidrug transport that moves substrates across the inner membrane of the Gram-negative E. coli. It is a homolog of emrB.
ARO:3000255	[glycopeptide resistance gene cluster VanF] Homologous to vanA, contains a D-Ala-D-Lac ligase. The vanF gene cluster is inducible and confers high resistance to vancomycin in Paenibacillus popilliae. vanF organisms remain susceptible to teicoplanin. Gene orientation: RSYZHFX
ARO:3000256	[glycopeptide resistance gene cluster VanM] Homologous to vanA, contains a D-Ala-D-Lac ligase. The plasmid-located vanM gene cluster is inducible and confers high resistance to vancomycin and teicoplanin. Gene orientation: RSYHMX
ARO:3000257	[glycopeptide resistance gene cluster VanG] Contains a D-Ala-D-Ser ligase. The vanG gene cluster is inducible and confers low resistance to vancomycin. vanG organisms remain susceptible to teicoplanin. It is the only van gene cluster that contains two vanY genes\n\nGene orientation: vanRSYWGYT
ARO:3000258	[ErmC'] ErmC' is ErmC but without the leader peptide and therefore expression is constitutive. Originally found on the plasmid pIM13 from Bacillus subtilis. It confers the MLSb phenotype.
ARO:3000259	[glycopeptide resistance gene cluster VanE] Homologous to VanC, contains a D-Ala-D-Ser ligase. The chromosome-located vanE gene cluster is inducible and confers low resistance to vancomycin. vanE organisms remain susceptible to teicoplanin. Gene orientation: E(XY)TRS
ARO:3000260	[glycopeptide resistance gene cluster VanL] Homologous to VanC, contains a D-Ala-D-Ser ligase. The chromosome-located vanL gene cluster is inducible and confers low resistance to vancomycin. vanL organisms remain susceptible to teicoplanin. It is the only van gene cluster with two vanT genes\n\nGene orientation: vanL(XY)TmTrRS
ARO:3000261	[sigma factor conferring resistance to rifampin] When bound to different sigma factors, RNA-polymerase may possess an altered sensitivity to rifampin-mediated inhibition.
ARO:3000262	[bla operon] The bla operon is composed of blaZ/blaR1/blaI.
ARO:3000263	[marA] In the presence of antibiotic stress, E. coli overexpresses the global activator protein MarA, which besides inducing MDR efflux pump AcrAB, also down- regulates synthesis of the porin OmpF.
ARO:3000264	[emrE] EmrE is a small multidrug transporter that functions as a homodimer and that couples the efflux of small polyaromatic cations from the cell with the import of protons down an electrochemical gradient.
ARO:3000265	[porin OmpF] In the presence of antibiotic stress, E. coli overexpresses the global activator protein MarA, which besides inducing MDR efflux pump AcrAB, also down- regulates synthesis of the porin OmpF.
ARO:3000266	[ADP-ribosylation of antibiotic conferring resistance] The inactivation of antibiotics by the enzymatic addition of ADP-ribose from NAD+.
ARO:3000267	[linezolid resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to linezolids.
ARO:3000268	[mec operon] The mac operon is composed of mecA/mecR1/mecI.
ARO:3000269	[brodimoprim] Brodimoprim is a structural derivative of trimethoprim and an inhibitor of bacterial dihydrofolate reductase. The 4-methoxy group of trimethoprim is replaced with a bromine atom.
ARO:3000270	[gene modulating permeability to antibiotic] Genes directly or indirectly reducing overall permeability to antibiotics.
ARO:3000271	[fosfomycin resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to fosfomycin.
ARO:3000272	[linA] LinA and variants LnuC, LnuD are similar to aminoglycoside nucleotidylyl transferases (ANTs)
ARO:3000273	[antibiotic resistant DNA topoisomerase subunit gyrA] Point mutations in gyrA confer antibiotic resistance by preventing drugs from binding the alpha-subunit of gyrase, essential for DNA supercoiling.
ARO:3000274	[antibiotic resistant DNA topoisomerase subunit parC] Point mutations in parC confer antibiotic resistance by preventing drugs from binding the parC subunit of topoisomerase IV, essential for DNA decatanation and relaxation.
ARO:3000275	[linB] LinB and variant LnuF are similar to the beta-subunit of DNA polymerase (Pol beta)
ARO:3000276	[cephem] Cephems have a six-membered dihydrothiazine ring with a sulfur atom and double bond fused with its beta-lactam ring. This group includes the cephalosporins and cephamycins, the latter containing an additional alpha-methoxy group.
ARO:3000282	[sulfonamide] Sulfonamides are broad spectrum, synthetic antibiotics that contain the sulfonamide group. Sulfonamides inhibit dihydropteroate synthase, which catalyzes the conversion of p-aminobenzoic acid to dihydropteroic acid as part of the tetrahydrofolic acid biosynthetic pathway. Tetrahydrofolic acid is essential for folate synthesis, a precursor of many nucleotides and amino acids. Many sulfamides are taken with trimethoprim, an inhibitor of dihydrofolate reductase, also disturbing the trihydrofolic acid synthesis pathway.
ARO:3000284	[tetroxoprim] Tetroxoprim is a trimethoprim derivative that inhibits bacterial dihydrofolate reductase.
ARO:3000299	[phosphonopyruvate decarboxylase] Stabilizes the C-P bond in phosphonopyruvate formed by phophoenolpyruvate mutase by catalyzing the self-removal of the carboxyl group.
ARO:3000300	[lsaA] LsaA is an ABC efflux pump expressed in Enterococcus faecalis. It confers resistance to clindamycin, quinupristin-dalfopristin, and dalfopristin.
ARO:3000309	[emrD] EmrD is a multidrug transporter from the Major Facilitator Superfamily (MFS) primarily found in Escherichia coli. EmrD couples efflux of amphipathic compounds with proton import across the plasma membrane.
ARO:3000315	[macrolide resistance gene] Genes or their products conferring resistance to macrolide antibiotics.
ARO:3000316	[mphA] The mphA gene encodes for resistance enzyme MPH(2')-I which preferentially inactivate 14-membered macrolides (e.g.erythromycin, telithromycin, roxithromycin) over 16-membered macrolides (e.g.tylosin, spiramycin). It phosphorylates macrolides at 2'-OH hydroxyl of desosamine sugar of macrolides in a GTP-dependent manner.
ARO:3000317	[AAC(1)] Acetylation of paromomycin, and apramycin, on the amino group at position 1 in E. coli, Actinomycete, Campylobacter spp.
ARO:3000318	[mphB] The mphB gene encodes for MPH(2')-II. This enzymes phosphorylates 14-membered and 16-membered macrolides.  It phosphorylates macrolides in GTP- dependent manner at 2'-OH hydroxyl of desosamine sugar of macrolides.
ARO:3000319	[mphC] The mphC gene was identified from Staphylococcus aureus.  This gene shows similarity to mphB gene from Escherchia coli.
ARO:3000320	[macrolide esterase] Hydrolytic enzymes that cleave the macrocycle lactone ring of macrolide antibiotics.
ARO:3000321	[hydrolysis of macrolide macrocycle lactone ring] Hydrolysis of the the macrocycle lactone ring of macrolide antibiotics.
ARO:3000322	[AAC(3)] Acetylation of the aminoglycoside antibiotic on the amino group at position 3.
ARO:3000324	[sulfadiazine] Sulfadiazine is a potent inhibitor of dihydropteroate synthase, interfering with the tetrahydrofolic biosynthesis pathway. Tetrahydrofolic acid is essential for folate synthesis, a precursor to many nucleotides and amino acids.
ARO:3000325	[sulfadimidine] Sulfadimidine is an alkaline sulfonamide antibiotic that inhibits dihydropteroate synthase, and enzyme in the tetrahydrofolic acid biosynthesis pathway. This interferes with the production of folate, which is a precursor to many amino acids and nucleotides.
ARO:3000326	[ErmE] ErmE is a methyltransferase found in the erythromycin producer Saccharopolyspora erythraea. Like other Erm enzymes, it catalyzes the methylation of A2058 of the 23S ribosomal RNA. The gene is found within the erythromycin biosynthetic cluster and is responsible for self-resistance.
ARO:3000327	[sulfadoxine] Sulfadoxine is an inhibitor of dihydropteroate synthase, interfering with the tetrahydrofolic biosynthesis pathway. Tetrahydrofolic acid is essential for folate synthesis, a precursor to many nucleotides and amino acids.
ARO:3000328	[rRNA with mutation conferring antibiotic resistance] Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in rRNA can confer antibiotic resistance to drugs that target the bacterial ribosome.
ARO:3000329	[sulfamethoxazole] Sulfamethoxazole is a sulfonamide antibiotic usually taken with trimethoprim, a diaminopyrimidine antibiotic. Sulfamethoxazole inhibits dihydropteroate synthase, essential to tetrahydrofolic acid biosynthesis. This pathway generates compounds used in the synthesis of many amino acids and nucleotides.
ARO:3000330	[sulfisoxazole] Sulfisoxazole is an inhibitor of dihydropteroate synthase, interfering with the tetrahydrofolic biosynthesis pathway. Tetrahydrofolic acid is essential for folate synthesis, a precursor to many nucleotides and amino acids.
ARO:3000333	[macrolide phosphotransferase (MPH)] Macrolide phosphotransferases (MPH) are enzymes encoded by macrolide phosphotransferase genes (mph genes). These enzymes phosphorylate macrolides in GTP dependent manner at 2'-OH of desosamine sugar thereby inactivating them. Characterized MPH's are differentiated based on their substrate specificity.
ARO:3000336	[23S rRNA with mutation conferring antibiotic resistance] Point mutations in bacterial 23S rRNA from the large ribosome subunit that confer resistance to antibiotics. Reference sequence and mutations refer to S. aureus.
ARO:3000337	[iclaprim] Iclaprim is a bactericidal compound that inhibits dihydrofolate reductase. It is used against clinically important Gram-positive pathogens, including methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus and methicillin-resistant S. aureus.
ARO:3000338	[linearization of antibiotic conferring resistance] Genes that confer antibiotic resistance by hydrolyzing bonds to linearize and deactivate antibiotics.
ARO:3000341	[AAC(2')] Acetylation of the aminoglycoside antibiotic on the amino group at position 2'.
ARO:3000342	[fosfomycin inactivation enzyme] Enzymes that inactivate fosfomycin by chemical modification.
ARO:3000343	[tap] Efflux pump proteins contained within Mycobacterial genomes which confer resistance to a number of different antibiotics including aminoglycosides, and tetracyclines.
ARO:3000344	[EmrAB-TolC] EmrAB-TolC is a multidrug efflux system found in E. coli. EmrB is the electrochemical-gradient powered transporter; EmrA is the linker; and TolC is the outer membrane channel. It confers resistance to nalidixic acid and thiolactomycin.
ARO:3000345	[AAC(6')] Acetylation of the aminoglycoside antibiotic on the amino group at position 6'.
ARO:3000346	[Alignment Reference] An example polypeptide sequence used as a reference point in multiple sequence alignment and mapping of single nucleotide polymorphisms that confer antibiotic resistance (AR-SNP).
ARO:3000347	[ErmA] ErmA confers the MLSb phenotype. Similar to ErmC, Expression of ErmA is inducible by erythromycin. The leader peptide causes attenuation of the mRNA and stabilizes the structure preventing further translation. When erythromycin is present, it binds the leader peptide causing a change in conformation allowing for the expression of ErmA.
ARO:3000359	[fosfomycin phosphotransferase] In the presence of ATP and magnesium (II), fosfomycin gets phosphorylated at the phosphate group resulting in a diphosphate group which inactivates the antibiotic.
ARO:3000361	[EreA] EreA is an erythromycin esterase that hydrolyses the drug's lactone ring.
ARO:3000362	[mosaic antibiotic resistance gene] Mosaic antibiotic resistance genes are complex hybrids that are formed from the recombination of two different genes. Mosaic antibiotic resistance genes have been observed in organisms resistant to tetracycline such as Bifidobacterium thermophilum and Lactobacillus johnsonii
ARO:3000363	[EreB] EreB is an erythromycin esterase-like protein that hydrolyses the drug's lactone ring.
ARO:3000366	[HMM bit-score] A bit-score cut-off for significant HMM hit.
ARO:3000367	[fluoroquinolone acetyltransferase] Variants of aminoglycoside acetyltransferase (AAC) that have gained the ability to modify fluoroquinolones with free nitrogen on a piperazine moiety such as ciprofloxacin.
ARO:3000368	[vanC] VanC is a D-Ala-D-Ala ligase that can synthesize D-Ala-D-Ser, an alternative substrate for peptidoglycan synthesis that reduces vancomycin binding affinity. It is specific to Enterococcus gallinarum and E. casseliflavus, providing intrinsic resistance.
ARO:3000369	[MtrCDE] The mtr (multiple transferable resistance) system of Neisseria gonorrhoeae confers resistance to many hydrophobic agents including antibiotics, fatty-acids and detergents. MtrCDE is homologous to AcrAB-TolC, where MtrC is the membrane fusion protein, MtrD is the inner membrane transporter, and MtrE is the outer membrane channel protein.
ARO:3000370	[antibiotic resistant DNA topoisomerase subunit] Many drugs target topoisomerases to inhibit DNA synthesis. Resistant DNA topoisomerase subunits prevent antibiotic binding and thus confer resistance.
ARO:3000372	[vanT] VanT is a membrane bound serine racemase, converting L-serine to D-serine. It is associated with VanC, which incorporated D-serine into D-Ala-D-Ser terminal end of peptidoglycan subunits that have a decreased binding affinity with vancomycin. It was isolated from Enterococcus gallinarum.
ARO:3000373	[EmrKY-TolC] EmrKY is a homolog of EmrAB found in E. coli. Together with TolC, it is a tripartite multidrug transporter.
ARO:3000375	[ErmB] ErmB confers the MLSb phenotype. Similar to ErmC, expression of ErmB is inducible by erythromycin. The leader peptide causes attenuation of the mRNA and stabilizes the structure preventing further translation. When erythromycin is present, it binds the leader peptide causing a change in conformation allowing for the expression of ErmB.
ARO:3000376	[streptogramin Vgb lyase] Vgb lyase inactivates type B streptogramins by cleaving the ester bond through an elimination mechanism.
ARO:3000377	[mexA] MexA is the membrane fusion protein of the MexAB-OprM multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3000378	[mexB] MexB is the inner membrane multidrug exporter of the efflux complex MexAB-OprM.
ARO:3000379	[oprM] OprM is an outer membrane factor protein found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Burkholderia vietnamiensis. It is part of the MexAB-OprM, MexVW-OprM, MexXY-OprM and the AmrAB-OprM complex.
ARO:3000380	[FosC] FosC is an enzyme that phosphorylates fosfomycin to confer resistance
ARO:3000381	[antibiotic target replacement protein] Alternate proteins that have the same functions as other antibiotic target proteins, but are structurally different and thus resistant to antibiotics. These can replace the activity of other antibiotic-sensitive proteins in the presence of antibiotics.
ARO:3000382	[azidamfenicol] Azidamfenicol is a water soluble derivative of chloramphenicol, sharing the same mode of action of inhibiting peptide synthesis by interacting with the 23S RNA of the 50S ribosomal subunit.
ARO:3000383	[rifampin resistance gene] Genetic determinants which confer resistance to rifampin.
ARO:3000384	[AcrAB-TolC] AcrAB-TolC is a tripartite RND efflux system that confers resistance to tetracycline, chloramphenicol, ampicillin, nalidixic acid, and rifampin  in Gram-negative bacteria. The system spans the cell membrane (AcrB) and the outer-membrane (TolC), and is linked together in the periplasm by AcrA.
ARO:3000385	[chloramphenicol] Chloramphenicol is a bacteriostatic antimicrobial originally derived from the bacterium Streptomyces venezuelae. It was the first antibiotic to be manufactured synthetically on a large scale. It functions by inhibiting peptidyl transferase activity of the bacterial ribosome, binding to A2451 and A2452 residues in the 23S rRNA of the 50S ribosomal subunit and preventing peptide bond formation.
ARO:3000386	[MexAB-OprM] MexAB-OprM is a multidrug efflux protein expressed in the Gram-negative Pseudomonas aeruginosa. MexA is the membrane fusion protein; MexB is the inner membrane transporter; and OprM is the outer membrane channel. MexAB-OprM is associated with resistance to fluoroquinolones, chloramphenicol, erythromycin, azithromycin, novobiocin, and certain β-lactams and lastly over-expression is linked to colistin resistance.
ARO:3000387	[phenicol] Phenicols are broad spectrum bacteriostatic antibiotics acting on bacterial protein synthesis. More specifically, the phenicols block peptide elongation by binding to the peptidyltansferase centre of the 70S ribosome.
ARO:3000388	[streptogramin biosynthesis] Biosynthesis of streptoramin antibiotics.
ARO:3000389	[streptogramin B biosynthesis] Type B streptogramins are cyclic hexa- or hepta-depsipeptides produced by NRPSs in Streptomyces.  The NRPS contains 6 or 7 modules arranged on one or more genes. SnbA catalyzes the activation of the first residue, 3-hydroxypicolynic acid. SnbC then activates and incorporates threonine and aminobutyric acid. Lastly, SnbDE activates and incoporates the last four amino acids. The thioesterase domain is responsible for peptide cyclization, and it is located at the end of the assembly line.
ARO:3000390	[rifampin ADP-ribosyltransferase (Arr)] Enzyme responsible for the ADP-ribosylative inactivation of rifampin at the 23-OH position using NAD+.
ARO:3000391	[norA] NorA is a multidrug efflux pump in Staphylococcus aureus that confers resistance to fluoroquinolones and other structurally unrelated antibiotics like acriflavine. It shares 30% similarity with NorA, and is a structural homolog of Bmr of Bacillus subtilis. It is regulated by arlRS and mgrA, the latter also known as NorR.
ARO:3000392	[Erm(37)] Erm(37) is found in Mycobacterium species and confers the MLSb phenotype. In addition to methylation of A2058 this Erm methylates adjacent adenosines (A2057 and A2059) as well.
ARO:3000393	[glycopeptide biosynthesis] Synthesis of glycopeptide antibiotics.
ARO:3000394	[Actinoplanes teichomyceticus teicoplanin gene cluster] Biosynthesis of teicoplanin by Actinoplanes teichomyceticus
ARO:3000398	[chloramphenicol resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to chloramphenicol.
ARO:3000408	[sulfonamide resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to sulfonamide antibiotics.
ARO:3000410	[sul1] Sul1 is a sulfonamide resistant dihydropteroate synthase of Gram-negative bacteria. It is linked to other resistance genes of class 1 integrons.
ARO:3000412	[sul2] Sul2 is a sulfonamide resistant dihydropteroate synthase of Gram-negative bacteria, usually found on small plasmids.
ARO:3000413	[sul3] Sul3 is a sulfonamide resistant dihydropteroate synthase similar to Sul1 and Sul2. Its resistance gene was found encoded in E. coli plasmid DNA of sulfonamide resistant isolates.
ARO:3000419	[fluoroquinolone resistance protein] Qnrs are pentapeptide repeat proteins that mimic DNA and protect the cell from the activity of fluoroquinolone antibiotics
ARO:3000421	[norB] NorB is a multidrug efflux pump in Staphylococcus aureus that confers resistance to fluoroquinolones and other structurally unrelated antibiotics like tetracycline. It shares 30% similarity with NorB, and is a structural homolog of Blt of Bacillus subtilis. It is regulated by mgrA, also known as NorR.
ARO:3000423	[FomA] In the presence of ATP and magnesium (II), fosfomycin gets phosphorylated at the phosphate group resulting in a diphosphate group which inactivates the antibiotic.
ARO:3000443	[rifampin glycosyltransferase] The enzymatic inactivation of rifampin by glycosylation at the 23-OH position.
ARO:3000444	[rifampin phosphotransferase] The enzymatic inactivation of rifampin by phosphorylation at the 21-OH position.
ARO:3000445	[rifampin monooxygenase] Enzyme responsible for the decolorization of rifampin by monoxygenation.
ARO:3000446	[mupirocin resistant isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase] Mupirocin inhibits protein synthesis by interfering with isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase (ileS).  While mutations in ileS can confer low-level mupirocin resistance, high level resistance is conferred by the presence of alternative isoleucyl-tRNA syntheses.
ARO:3000448	[qepA] QepA is a plasmid-mediated fluoroquinolone efflux pump found in E. coli. It is regulated by sox genes, also known as global stress regulators.
ARO:3000449	[FomB] An enzyme which on its own cannot provide fosfomycin resistance, however in conjunction with FomA, it leads to the formation of fosfomycin with three phosphates total, which makes it inactive.
ARO:3000450	[hydroxylation of antibiotic conferring resistance] Inactivation of an antibiotic via introduction a hydroxyl group (-OH).
ARO:3000451	[gene modulating antibiotic efflux] Genes that directly or indirectly change rates of antibiotic efflux.
ARO:3000452	[fluoroquinolone resistant DNA topoisomerase] Fluoroquinolones inhibit type II and type IV topoisomerases (2 strand breaking enzymes) such as GyrA/GyrB and ParC/ParE. Point mutations in the associated gyrA and parC genes, in particular in the 'quinolone resistance determining region' (QRDR), give rise to resistance to the class.
ARO:3000453	[vat acetyltransferase] Virginiamycin acetyltransferases catalyze the transfer of an acetyl group from acetylCoA to the secondary alcohol of streptogramin A. Vat enzymes belong to the hexapeptide repeat family of acyltransferases.
ARO:3000454	[polymyxin B] Polymyxin B is mixture of mostly polymyxins B1 and B2, mainly used for resistant gram-negative infections. They are polypeptides with cationic detergent action on cell membranes.
ARO:3000455	[streptogramin A biosynthesis] Type A streptogramins are produced by a hybrid NRPS/PKS composed of 8 NRPS modules and 2 PKS modules.
ARO:3000456	[thiamphenicol] Derivative of Chloramphenicol. The nitro group (-NO2) is substituted by a sulfomethyl group (-SO2CH3).
ARO:3000457	[aminocoumarin resistant parE] ParE is a subunit of topoisomerase IV, which decatenates and relaxes DNA to allow access to genes for transcription or translation. Point mutations in ParE prevent anticoumarin antibiotics from inhibiting DNA synthesis, thus conferring resistance.
ARO:3000458	[macrolide glycosyltransferase] Macrolide glycosyltransferases are enzymes encoded by macrolide glycosyltransferase genes and inactivate macrolides by glycosylating them at 2'-OH of desosamine sugar moiety. They are predominantly found in macrolide producers and are also found in non-producers and are used as a resistance mechanism. Different variants of this enzyme has been reported.
ARO:3000459	[fosfomycin biosynthesis] Biosynthesis of fosfomycin.
ARO:3000460	[unused cvterm 36599] Definition needed.
ARO:3000461	[florfenicol] Florfenicol is a fluorine derivative of chloramphenicol, where the nitro group (-NO2) is substituted by a sulfomethyl group (-SO2CH3) and the hydroxyl group (-OH), by a fluorine group (-F). The action mechanism is the same as chloramphenicol's, where the antibiotic binds to the 23S RNA of the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes to inhibit protein synthesis.
ARO:3000462	[mgt] The mgt gene encodes for macrolide glycosyltransferase found in Streptomyces lividans. This enzyme inactivates macrolides using UDP-glucose as a cofactor. Its optimal substrates are lankamycin, calcomycin, rosaramicin, methymycin, and pikromycin, while interactions with erythomycin, oldeandomycin, azithromycin, and tylosin were weaker. It is inactive against spiramycin and carbomycin.
ARO:3000463	[gimA glycosyltransferase] gimA gene codes for a glycosyltransferase found in Streptomyces ambofaciens, natural producer of macrolide spiramycin. Chalcomycin, methymycin, tylosin, pikromycin, rosaramicin, oleandomycin, josamycin, and carbomycin are preferred substrates of gimA glycosyltransferase, while erythromycin and spiramycin have notably low binding affinities. GimA may be able to inactivate spiramycin precursors.
ARO:3000464	[Neisseria gonorrhoeae mutant porin PIB (por) with reduced permeability to antibiotic] Mutant forms of the porin Por result in reduced permeability to antibiotics.
ARO:3000465	[ole glycosyltransferase] OleI and OleD are glycosyltransferases found in Streptomyces antibioticus which is a natural producer of antibiotic oleandomycin. OleI glycosylates antibiotic oleandomycin whereas OleD can glycosylate a wide variety of macrolides.
ARO:3000466	[dalbavancin] Dalbavancin is a semisynthetic second-generation lipoglycopeptide derived from teicoplanin. It binds to the D-Ala-D-Ala terminus of peptidoglycan precursors. It is used to treat Gram-positive bacteria and can be used to treat methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus and vancomycin-resistant enterococci.
ARO:3000467	[NDM-5] New Delhi beta-lactamase NDM-5.
ARO:3000468	[ethambutol resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to ethambutol.
ARO:3000469	[hydroxypropylphosphonic acid epoxidase] The enzyme responsible for the final step of fosfomycin biosynthesis. It converts S-2-hydroxypropylphosphonic acid (S-HPP) into fosfomycin via an oxidative cyclalization reaction. It uses Iron (II) or Zinc (II) as cofactors.
ARO:3000472	[tetracycline resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to tetracycline antibiotics.
ARO:3000476	[tet31] Tet31 is a tetracycline efflux pump found in Aeromonas salmonicida, a Gram-negative bacteria. It has also been shown to be expressed in Gallibacterium anatis.
ARO:3000477	[aminocoumarin resistance gene] Point mutations to DNA gyrase subunit B (gyrB) can result in resistance to aminocoumarins. In some cases, expression of parY(R), which encodes an aminocoumarin resistant topoisomerase IV, can also confer aminocoumarin resistance. Aminocoumarin efflux pump exists that export the drug out of the cell to confer resistance
ARO:3000478	[tet33] Tet33 is a tetracycline efflux pump found in Gram-positive bacteria, including Arthrobacter and Corynebacterium.
ARO:3000479	[aminocoumarin resistant gyrB] Point mutations in DNA gyrase subunit B (gyrB) can result in resistance to aminocoumarins. These mutations usually involve arginine residues in organisms.
ARO:3000480	[aminocoumarin resistant parY] Expression of parY(R), which encodes an aminocoumarin resistant topoisomerase IV, can confer aminocoumarin resistance.
ARO:3000481	[tet35] Tet35 is a tetracycline efflux pump found in the Gram-negative Vibrio and Stenotrophomonas. It is unrelated to other tet resistance genes.
ARO:3000488	[telavancin] Telavancin is a semi-synthetic derivative of vancomycin and is a second-generation lipoglycopeptide antibiotic. Telavancin inhibits cell wall synthesis by forming a complex with the D-Ala-D-Ala terminus of peptidoglycan precursors and preventing transglycosylation.
ARO:3000489	[sav1866] Sav1866 is a multidrug efflux pump in the Gram-positive Staphylococcus aureus. It is a homolog of the human ABC transporter Mdr1 and pumps out toxic compounds including verapamil, tetraphenylphosphorchloride, and Hoechst 33342.
ARO:3000490	[tuberactinomycin] Tuberactinomycins are a family of cyclic peptide antibiotics that are important in the treatment of tuberculosis. Tuberactinomycins contain nonproteinogenic amino acids and inhibit group I self-splicing RNA to disrupt prokaryotic protein synthesis.
ARO:3000491	[acrD] AcrD is an aminoglycoside efflux pump expressed in E. coli. Its expression can be induced by indole, and is regulated by baeRS and cpxAR.
ARO:3000492	[gene involved in self resistance to antibiotic] Genes that are involved in conferring self resistance to antibiotic
ARO:3000493	[mutant porin OmpF with reduced permeability to antibiotic] Mutant forms of the porin OmpF result in reduced permeability to antibiotics.
ARO:3000494	[glycopeptide resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to glycopeptides.
ARO:3000495	[ErmD] ErmD confers MLSb phenotype.
ARO:3000496	[vanXY] VanXY is a protein with both D,D-carboxypeptidase and D,D-dipeptidase activity, found in Enterococcus gallinarum. It cleaves and removes the terminal D-Ala of peptidoglycan subunits for the incorporation of D-Ser by VanC. D-Ala-D-Ser has low binding affinity with vancomycin.
ARO:3000497	[ethambutol] Ethambutol is an antimycobacterial drug prescribed to treat tuberculosis. It is usually given in combination with other tuberculosis drugs, such as isoniazid, rifampicin, and pyrazinamide. Ethambutol inhibits arabinosyl biosynthesis, disrupting mycobacterial cell wall formation.
ARO:3000498	[ErmF] ErmF confers the MLSb phenotype.
ARO:3000499	[acrE] AcrE is a membrane fusion protein, similar to AcrA.
ARO:3000500	[phosphonoacetaldehyde methyltransfererase] The enzyme responsible for converting phosphonoacetaldehyde to (S)-2-/nhydroxypropylphosphonic acid (S-HPP) via an anionic methyl attack, which also reduces the aldehyde to an alcohol.
ARO:3000501	[Nocardia rifampin resistant beta-subunit of RNA polymerase (rpoB2)] Due to gene duplication, the genomes of Nocardia species include both rifampin-sensitive beta-subunit of RNA polymerase (rpoB) and rifampin-resistant beta-subunit of RNA polymerase (rpoB2) genes, with ~88% similarity between the two gene products. Expression of the rpoB2 variant results in replacement of rifampin sensitivity with rifampin resistance.
ARO:3000502	[acrF] AcrF is a inner membrane transporter, similar to AcrB.
ARO:3000503	[AcrEF-TolC] AcrEF-TolC is a tripartite multidrug efflux system similar to AcrAB-TolC and found in Gram-negative bacteria. AcrE is the membrane fusion protein, AcrF is the inner membrane transporter, and TolC is the outer membrane channel protein.
ARO:3000504	[golS] GolS is a regulator activated by the presence of gold, and promotes the expression of the MdsABC efflux pump.
ARO:3000505	[AR peptide] An AR peptide is a peptide sequence predicted to be unique to antibiotic resistance proteins under mass spectrometry analysis.  Peptide sequences are predicted from in silico trypsin digestion (cleaves C-terminal side of K or R but not if P is C-terminal to K or R; cysteines treated with nothing).  Fragments found in both resistance and non-resistance proteins are not tagged as AR peptides.  The reference non-resistance protein set is generated from all complete genome and plasmid sequences in CARD. The completeness of this reference in CARD is important for interpretation of AR peptide tagging. Fragments of less than 6 amino acids are not included.
ARO:3000506	[mexR] MexR is the repressor of the MexRAB-OprM operon. Mutant forms of mexR result in up-regulation of efflux protein MexAB-OprM.
ARO:3000507	[rifampin resistance RNA polymerase-binding protein] Proteins which have been experimentally shown to protect RNA-polymerase from rifampin inhibition.
ARO:3000508	[gadX] GadX is an AraC-family regulator that promotes mdtEF expression to confer multidrug resistance.
ARO:3000510	[mupirocin resistant mupB] An alternative isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase conferring resistance to mupirocin.
ARO:3000515	[evgSA] EvgSA is a two-component regulatory system that regulates MdtEF and EmrKY expression for multidrug resistance. EvgS is a sensor protein that phosphorylates the regulatory protein EvgA, though EvgA can be phosphorylated by other methods when it is overexpressed.
ARO:3000516	[emrR] EmrR is a negative regulator for the EmrAB-TolC multidrug efflux pump in E. coli. Mutations lead to EmrAB-TolC overexpression.
ARO:3000517	[rifaximin] Rifaximin is a semi-synthetic rifamycin used to treat traveller's diarrhea. Rifaximin inhibits RNA synthesis by binding to the beta subunit of bacterial RNA polymerase.
ARO:3000518	[CRP] CRP is a global regulator that represses MdtEF multidrug efflux pump expression.
ARO:3000519	[antibiotic target modifying enzyme] Enzymes that confer resistance by modifying antibiotic targets.
ARO:3000520	[isoniazid] Isoniazid is an organic compound that is the first-line anti tuberculosis medication in prevention and treatment. As a prodrug, it is activated by mycobacterial catalase-peroxidases such as M. tuberculosis KatG. Isoniazid inhibits mycolic acid synthesis, which prevents cell wall synthesis in mycobacteria.
ARO:3000521	[mupirocin resistant mupA] An alternative isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase conferring resistance to mupirocin.
ARO:3000522	[ErmG] ErmG is a rRNA adenine N-6-methyltransferase that protects the ribosome from inactivation due to antibiotic binding.
ARO:3000523	[confers_resistance_to_drug] A relationship ontology term in which the subject (usually a gene) confers clinically relevant resistance to a specific antibiotic.
ARO:3000524	[cpxAR] CpxAR is a two-component regulatory system that involves a sensor kinase, CpxA, and the regulator CpxR. When the membrane envelope is stressed, CpxAR promotes acrD and mdtABC expression to confer multidrug resistance through efflux.
ARO:3000525	[antibiotic A40926] A40926 is a glycopeptide antibiotic produced by Nonomuraea sp. ATCC 39727. It is precusor of the second-generation glycopeptide antibiotic dalbavancin.
ARO:3000526	[cmeR] CmeR is a repressor for the CmeABC multidrug efflux pump, binding to the cmeABC promoter region.
ARO:3000527	[polyamine antibiotic] Polyamine antibiotics are organic compounds having two or more primary amino groups.
ARO:3000528	[chlortetracycline] Chlortetracycline was an early, first-generation tetracycline antibiotic developed in the 1940's. It inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S subunit of bacterial ribosomes, preventing the aminoacyl-tRNA from binding to the ribosome.
ARO:3000529	[mupirocin resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to the antibiotic mupirocin.
ARO:3000530	[rifabutin] Rifabutin is a semisynthetic rifamycin used in tuberculosis therapy. It inhibits DNA-dependent RNA synthesis.
ARO:3000531	[baeSR] BaeSR is a two component regulatory system for efflux proteins in Gram-negative bacteria. BaeR is a response regulator, while BaeS is a sensor kinase.
ARO:3000532	[aminocoumarin biosynthesis] Biosynthesis of aminocoumarin antibiotics.
ARO:3000533	[macA] MacA is a membrane fusion protein that forms an antibiotic efflux complex with MacB and TolC.
ARO:3000534	[rifapentine] Rifapentine is a semisynthetic rifamycin that inhibits DNA-dependent RNA synthesis. It is often used in the treatment of tuberculosis and leprosy.
ARO:3000535	[macB] MacB is an ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporter that exports macrolides with 14- or 15- membered lactones. It forms an antibiotic efflux complex with MacA and TolC.
ARO:3000536	[Streptomyces spheroides novobiocin biosynthetic gene cluster] Novobiocin is produced from biosynthetic clusters in Streptomyces spheroides and Streptomyces niveus.
ARO:3000545	[MacAB-TolC] MacAB-TolC is an ABC efflux pump complex expressed in E. coli and Salmonella enterica. It confers resistance to macrolides, including erythromycin.
ARO:3000546	[Streptomyces roseochromogenes subsp. oscitans clorobiocin biosynthetic gene cluster] Clorobiocin is produced by a biosynthetic cluster in Streptomyces roseochromogenes.
ARO:3000547	[arlRS] ArlRS is a two-component regulatory system for NorA. ArlS phosphorylates ArlR to promote NorA expression.
ARO:3000548	[Streptomyces rishiriensis strain DSM 40489 coumermycin A1 biosynthetic gene cluster] Coumermycin A1 is produced by a biosynthetic cluster in Streptomyces rishiriensis.
ARO:3000549	[adeS] AdeS is a sensor kinase in the AdeRS regulatory system of AdeABC. It is essential for AdeABC expression.
ARO:3000550	[aztreonam] Aztreonam was the first monobactam discovered, and is greatly effective against Gram-negative bacteria while inactive against Gram-positive bacteria. Artreonam is a poor substrate for beta-lactamases, and may even act as an inhibitor. In Gram-negative bacteria, Aztreonam interferes with filamentation, inhibiting cell division and leading to cell death.
ARO:3000551	[organoarsenic antibiotic] Organoarsenic antibiotics are arsenic-containing compounds with antibacterial effects. The organoarsenic antibiotic arsphenamine and its derivatives were developed in the 1910s as the first modern chemotherapeutic agents.
ARO:3000552	[arsphenamine] Arsphenamine, also known as Salvarsan and 606, is a drug that was used beginning in the 1910s to treat syphilis and trypanosomiasis. It is an organoarsenic compound and was the first modern chemotherapeutic agent.
ARO:3000553	[adeR] AdeR is a positive regulator of AdeABC efflux system. AdeR inactivation leads to susceptibility to aminoglycoside antibiotics.
ARO:3000554	[mupirocin] Mupirocin, also known as pseudomonic acid, is a bacteriostatic polyketide antibiotic from Pseudomonas fluorescens used to treat S. aureus and MRSA. It inhibits Ile tRNA synthetase.
ARO:3000555	[macrolide biosynthesis] Biosynthesis of macrolide antibiotics.
ARO:3000556	[tet44] Tet44 is a tetracycline resistance gene found in Campylobacter fetus, and binds to the ribosome to confer antibiotic resistance as a ribosomal protection protein.
ARO:3000557	[antibiotic inactivation enzyme] Enzyme that catalyzes the inactivation of an antibiotic resulting in resistance.  Inactivation includes chemical modification, destruction, etc.
ARO:3000558	[sulfonamide resistant dihydropteroate synthase] Folate is an essential precursor for many nucleotides and amino acids, making folate biosynthesis a desirable target for antibiotics. Mutation to enzymes within the folate biosynthetic pathway can reverse antibiotic action. Modification of dihydropteroate synthase (folP) can result in resistance to sulfonamide antibiotics. Resistance can be conferred by mutation to the native folP gene or by acquiring a resistant DHPS (sul) gene through gene transfer. The sul gene has three known variants (sul1, sul2, sul3) and encodes a highly resistant dihydropteroate synthase that can be acquired via transposons or plasmids.
ARO:3000559	[adeN] AdeN is a repressor of AdeIJK, a RND-type efflux pump in Acinetobacter baumannii. Its inactivation increases expression of AdeJ.
ARO:3000560	[Erm 23S ribosomal RNA methyltransferase] Erm proteins are part of the RNA methyltransferase family and methylate A2058 (E. coli nomenclature) of the 23S ribosomal RNA conferring degrees of resistance to Macrolides, Lincosamides and Streptogramin b. This is called the MLSb phenotype.
ARO:3000561	[tet30] Tet30 is a tetracycline efflux pump found in agrobacterium, a Gram-negative bacterium.
ARO:3000565	[tet38] Tet38 is a tetracycline efflux pump found in the Gram-positive Staphylococcus aureus. It is regulated by mgrA, which also regulates NorB.
ARO:3000566	[tet39] Tet39 is a tetracycline efflux pump found in Gram-negative bacteria, including Brevundimonas, Stenotrophomonas, Enterobacter, Alcaligenes, Acinetobacter, and Providencia.
ARO:3000567	[tet40] Tet40 is a tetracycline efflux pump found in the Gram-positive Clostridium. It is similar to tetA(P).
ARO:3000568	[subclass B1 (metallo-) beta-lactamase] Subclass B1 possess a binuclear active site.  Within this active site can be either one or two Zn(II) ions.  This subclass is able to hydrolyze penicillins, cephalosporins and carbapenems.  This is the most clinically relevant subclass of MBLs.
ARO:3000569	[tet41] Tet41 is a tetracycline efflux pump found in Serratia, a Gram-negative bacterium.  It is related to Acinetobacter Tet(39).
ARO:3000570	[subclass B2 (metallo-) beta-lactamase] Metallo-beta-lactmases of subclass B2 contain only one Zn ion in their active site and selectively hydrolyze carbapenems.
ARO:3000571	[subclass B3 (metallo-) beta-lactamase] Metallo-beta-lactamases of subclass B3 are similar to B1 in that they have activity against penicillins, cephalosporins and carbapenems; however, the are only active with two Zn(II) ions in the active site.
ARO:3000572	[tet42] Tet42 is a tetracycline efflux pump found in both Gram-negative (Pseudomonas) and Gram-positive (Microbacterium, Bacillus, Staphylococcus, Paenibacillus) bacteria.
ARO:3000573	[tet43] Tet(43) is a tetracycline resistance gene with unknown origins, isolated from metagenomic DNA.
ARO:3000574	[vanR] VanR is a OmpR-family transcriptional activator in the VanSR regulatory system. When activated by VanS, it promotes cotranscription of VanA, VanH, and VanX.
ARO:3000575	[vanU] VanU is a transcriptional activator of the vanG operon of vancomycin resistance genes.
ARO:3000576	[rifampin inactivation enzyme] Enzymes that inactivate rifampin antibiotics by chemical modification.
ARO:3000577	[Bc beta-lactamase] Bacillus cereus beta-lactamases are zinc metallo-beta-lactamases that hydrolyze a large number of penicillins and cephalosporins.
ARO:3000578	[CcrA beta-lactamase] CcrA beta-lactamases, usually found in Bacteroides fragilis, hydrolyse most beta-lactams.
ARO:3000579	[BlaB beta-lactamase] Beta-lactamase B (BlaB) mediates resistance against many beta-lactam antibiotics, notably penams and carbapenems.
ARO:3000580	[SPM beta-lactamase] Sao Paulo metallo-beta-lactamase (SPM-1) confers resistance to carbapenem in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3000581	[CphA beta-lactamase] CphA is an Ambler Class B MBL; subclass B2 originally isolated from Aeromonas hydrophilia.  This enzyme has specific activity against carbapenems and is active as a mono-zinc protein.
ARO:3000582	[L1 beta-lactamase] L1 is an Ambler class B MBL; subclass B3 originally isolated from Stenotrophomonas maltophilia.  It has activity against a broad range of beta-lactams and is only active with two Zn(II) ions in the active site.
ARO:3000583	[pristinamycin IA] Pristinamycin 1A is a type B streptogramin antibiotic produced by Streptomyces pristinaespiralis. It binds to the P site of the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome, preventing the extension of protein chains.
ARO:3000584	[quinupristin] Quinupristin is a type B streptogramin and a semisynthetic derivative of pristinamycin 1A. It is a component of the drug Synercid and interacts with the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome to inhibit protein synthesis.
ARO:3000586	[pulvomycin] Pulvomycin is a polyketide antibiotic that binds elongation factor Tu (EF-Tu) to inhibit protein biosynthesis by preventing the formation of the ternary complex (EF-Tu*GTP*aa-tRNA). Phenotypically, it was shown that pulvomycin sensitivity is dominant over resistance.
ARO:3000587	[sulbactam] inhibitor of non-AmpC Ser beta-lactmases
ARO:3000588	[avibactam] Ser beta-lactamase inhibitor targeting class A and class C enzymes
ARO:3000589	[NDM-1] NDM-1 is a metallo-beta-lactamase isolated from Klebsielle pneumoniae with nearly complete resistance to all beta-lactam antibiotics.
ARO:3000590	[NDM-2] NDM-2 was isolated from a strain of Acinetobacter baumannii in Germany from a patient hospitalized in Cairo.  A single amino acid substitution (P28R) differentiates this gene from NDM-1 and the two enzymes appear to have an identical spectrum of hydrolysis.
ARO:3000591	[ErmI] ErmI is a methyltransferase found in the midecamycin producer Streptomyces mycarofaciens. Like other Erm enzymes, it catalyzes the methylation of A2058 of the 23S ribosomal RNA. The gene is found within the midecamycin biosynthetic cluster and is responsible for self-resistance
ARO:3000592	[ErmN] ErmN is a methyltransferase found in the tylosin producer Streptomyces fradiae. Like other Erm enzymes, it catalyzes the methylation of A2058 of the 23S ribosomal RNA. Specifically, this enzyme transfers only one methyl group. The gene is found in the tylosin biosynthetic cluster and is responsible for self-resistance to tylosin.
ARO:3000593	[ErmQ] ErmQ confers MLSb phenotype.
ARO:3000594	[ErmR] ErmR is a methyltransferase found in the erythromycin producer Aeromicrobium erythreum. Like other Erm enzymes, it catalyzes the methylation of A2058 of the 23S ribosomal RNA. The gene is found within the erythromycin biosynthetic cluster and is responsible for self-resistance.
ARO:3000595	[ErmT] ErmT confers MLSb phenotype.
ARO:3000596	[ErmX] ErmX is a rRNA methyltransferase that protects the ribosome from inactivation due to antibiotic binding.
ARO:3000597	[unused cvterm 36736] Definition needed.
ARO:3000598	[Erm(31)] Erm(31) confers a MLSb resistant phenotype. Along with erm(30), these genes are responsible for self-resistance in the pikromycin/narbomycin/methymycin/neomethymycin producer, Streptomyces venezuelae.
ARO:3000599	[Erm(33)] ErmD confers MLSb phenotype.
ARO:3000600	[Erm(34)] ErmD confers MLSb phenotype.
ARO:3000601	[Erm(38)] ErmD confers MLSb phenotype.
ARO:3000602	[Erm(39)] ErmD confers MLSb phenotype.
ARO:3000603	[Erm(41)] Erm41 confers MLSb phenotype.
ARO:3000604	[Erm(35)] ErmD confers MLSb phenotype.
ARO:3000605	[Erm(36)] ErmD confers MLSb phenotype.
ARO:3000606	[FEZ-1 beta-lactamase] FEZ-1 is an Ambler class B MBL; subclass B3 first isolated from Legionella gormanii.  It has activity against a broad range of beta-lactams and is only active with two Zn(II) ions in the active site.
ARO:3000610	[gene detected by antibiotic resistance screening microarray] Many genes involved in antibiotic resistance are mobile and microarray probes for these genes can thus provide positive results for any number of organisms. CARD stores the coding sequences of genes targeted by the probe sets of available antibiotic resistance microarrays.
ARO:3000613	[macrolide resistance efflux pump] Efflux pumps are responsible for macrolide resistance in Streptococcus pneumoniae.
ARO:3000614	[mefE] mefE is a proton motive efflux pump in Streptococcus pneumoniae that confers resistance to macrolides. It is found on the same operon as mefA and the ABC-efflux pump mel.
ARO:3000615	[mefA] mefA is a motive efflux pump in Streptococcus pneumoniae that confers resistance to macrolides. It is found on the same operon as mefE and the ABC-efflux pump mel.
ARO:3000616	[mel] Mel, a homolog of MsrA, is an ABC transporter associated with macrolide resistance. It is expressed on the same operon as mefA and mefE, both MFS-type efflux proteins that confer macrolide resistance.
ARO:3000617	[mecA] A foreign PBP2a acquired by lateral gene transfer that able to perform peptidoglycan synthesis in the presence of beta-lactams.
ARO:3000618	[unused cvterm 36912] Definition needed.
ARO:3000619	[fluoroquinolone resistant parC] ParC is a subunit of topoisomerase IV, which decatenates and relaxes DNA to allow access to genes for transcription or translation. Point mutations in ParC prevent fluoroquinolone antibiotics from inhibiting DNA synthesis, and confer low-level resistance. Higher-level resistance results from both gyrA and parC mutations.
ARO:3000620	[adeL] AdeL is a regulator of AdeFGH in Acinetobacter baumannii. AdeL mutations are associated with AdeFGH overexpression and multidrug resistance.
ARO:3000621	[PC1 beta-lactamase (blaZ)] The blaZ beta-lactamase is found in Bacillus subtilis and Staphylococcus aureus.
ARO:3000622	[colistin A] Colistin A, or polymyxin E1, has a 6-octanoic acid lipid tail. Polymyxins disrupt the cell membrane of Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000624	[colistin B] Colistin B, or polymyxin E2, has a 6-heptanoic acid lipid tail. Polymyxins disrupt the cell membrane of Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000625	[polymyxin B1] Polymyxin B1 is in the family of polymyxin lipopeptides with a 6-methyloctanoic acid acyl group. These antibiotics disrupt the cell membrane of Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000626	[polymyxin B2] Polymyxin B2 is in the family of polymyxin lipopeptides with a 6-methylheptanoic acid acyl group. These antibiotics disrupt the cell membrane of Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000627	[polymyxin B3] Polymyxin B3 is in the family of polymyxin lipopeptides with an octanoic acid acyl group. These antibiotics disrupt the cell membrane of Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000628	[polymyxin B4] Polymyxin B4 is in the family of polymyxin lipopeptides with a heptanoic acid acyl group. These antibiotics disrupt the cell membrane of Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000629	[bacitracin A] Bacitracin A is the primary component of bacitracin. It contains many uncommon amino acids and interferes with bacterial cell wall synthesis.
ARO:3000630	[bacitracin B] Bacitracin B is a component of bacitracin, an antibiotic mixture that interferes with bacterial cell wall synthesis. It differs from Bacitracin A with a valine instead of an isoleucine in its peptide.
ARO:3000631	[bacitracin F] Bacitracin F is a component of bacitracin, an antibiotic mixture that interferes with bacterial cell wall synthesis. It is formed when the thiazoline ring of bacitracin A is oxidatively deaminated.
ARO:3000632	[benzylpenicillin] Benzylpenicillin, commonly referred to as penicillin G, is effective against both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. It is unstable in acid.
ARO:3000633	[phenoxymethylpenicillin] Phenoxymethylpenicillin, or penicillin V, is a penicillin derivative that is acid stable but less active than benzylpenicillin (penicillin G).
ARO:3000634	[propicillin] Propicillin is an orally taken penicillin derivative that has high absorption but poor activity.
ARO:3000635	[dicloxacillin] Dicloxacillin is a penicillin derivative that has an extra chlorine atom in comparison to cloxacillin. While more active than cloxacillin, its high affinity for serum protein reduces its activity in human serum in vitro.
ARO:3000636	[flucloxacillin] Flucloxacillin is similar to cloxacillin, with an extra additional fluorine atom.
ARO:3000637	[ampicillin] Ampicillin is a penicillin derivative that is highly acid stable, with its activity similar to benzylpenicillin.
ARO:3000638	[azlocillin] Azlocillin is a semisynthetic derivative of penicillin that is notably active against Ps. aeruginosa and other Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000639	[mezlocillin] Mezlocillin is a penicillin derivative taken parenterally.
ARO:3000640	[doripenem] Doripenem is a carbapenem with a broad range of activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, and along with meropenem, it is the most active beta-lactam antibiotic against Pseudomonas aeruginosa. It inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis.
ARO:3000641	[cefalexin] Cefalexin is a cephalosporin antibiotic that causes filamentation. It is resistant to staphylococcal beta-lactamase, but degraded by enterobacterial beta-lactamases.
ARO:3000642	[cefadroxil] Cefadroxil, or p-hydroxycephalexin, is an cephalosporin antibiotic similar to cefalexin.
ARO:3000643	[cefotiam] Cefotiam is a cephalosporin antibiotic with similar activity to cefuroxime but more active against enterobacteria. It is consumed orally as the prodrug cefotiam hexetil.
ARO:3000644	[cefaclor] Cefaclor is a semisynthetic cephalosporin derived from cephalexin. It has broad-spectrum antibiotic activity.
ARO:3000645	[cefotaxime] Cefotaxime is a semisynthetic cephalosporin taken parenterally. It is resistant to most beta-lactamases and active against Gram-negative rods and cocci due to its aminothiazoyl and methoximino functional groups.
ARO:3000646	[cefixime] Cefixime is a cephalosporin resistant to most beta-lactamases. It is active against many enterobacteria, but activity against staphylococci is poor.
ARO:3000647	[cefpodoxime] Cefpodoxime is a semisynthetic cephalosporin that acts similarly to cefotaxime with broad-spectrum activity. It is stable to many plasmid-mediated beta-lactamses. Cefpodoxime is consumed as the prodrug cefpodoxime proxetil.
ARO:3000648	[ceftibuten] Ceftibuten is a semisynthetic cephalosporin active against Gram-negative bacilli. It is resistant against many plasmid-mediated beta-lactamases.
ARO:3000649	[cefditoren] Cefditoren is a semisynthetic cephalosporin active against staphylococci, streptococci, and and most enterobacteria. It is resistant to staphylococcal and most enterobacterial beta-lactamases, and is usually taken as the prodrug cefditoren pivoxil.
ARO:3000650	[cefdinir] Cefdinir is similar to cefixime with a modified side-chain at its 7-amino position. It also shares similar activity with cefixime but is more active against staphylococci. It has also be shown to enhance phagocytosis.
ARO:3000651	[ceftaroline] Ceftaroline is a novel cephalosporin active against methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Like other cephalosporins it binds penicillin-binding proteins to inhibit cell wall synthesis. It strongly binds with PBP2a, associated with methicillin resistance. It is taken orally as the prodrug ceftaroline fosamil.
ARO:3000652	[isepamicin] A semi-synthetic derivative of gentamicin B (hydroxyamino propionyl genamicin B). It is modified to combat microbial inactivation and has a slightly larger spectrum of activity compared to other aminoglycosides, including Ser marcescens, Enterobacteria, and K pneumoniae.
ARO:3000653	[G418] A gentamicin class aminoglycoside antibiotic often used in mammalian cell culture work as a selectable marker for the neo cassette (APH3').
ARO:3000654	[arbekacin] A synthetic derivative (1-N-(4-amino-2-hydroxybutyryl) of dibekacin used in Japan. It is active against methicillin-resistant Staph. aureus and shows synergy with ampicillin when treating gentamicin and vancomycin resistant enterocci.
ARO:3000655	[gentamicin B] Gentamicin B is a semisynthetic aminoglycoside antibacterial.
ARO:3000656	[acrS] AcrS is a repressor of the AcrAB efflux complex and is associated with the expression of AcrEF. AcrS is believed to regulate a switch between AcrAB and AcrEF efflux.
ARO:3000657	[paromomycin] An aminoglycoside antibiotic used for the treatment of parasitic infections. It is similar to neomycin sharing a similar spectrum of activity, but its hydroxyl group at the 6'-position instead of an amino group makes it resistant to AAC(6') modifying enzymes.
ARO:3000658	[lividomycin] Lividomycins are aminoglycosidic antibiotics produced by Streptomyces lividus. They contain 2-amino-2,3-dideoxy-D-glucose.
ARO:3000659	[gatifloxacin] Gatifloxacin is an 8-methoxy, 7-piperazinyl, 6-fluoroquinolone that can be taken orally or by intravenous administration. It is active against most Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, but inactive against non-fermenting Gram-negative rods including Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
ARO:3000660	[lomefloxacin] Lomefloxacin is a difluoropiperazinyl quinolone, sharing similar activities with other fluoroquinolones. It is used to treat urinary tract infections. Relative to other fluoroquinolones, it has a longer half life and has higher serum concentrations.
ARO:3000661	[nalidixic acid] Nalidixic acid is a quinolone derivative of naphthyridine active against many enterobacteria, but ineffective against Ps aeruginosa, Gram-positive bacteria, and anaerobes. Acquired resistance is common in nalidixic acid treatments.
ARO:3000662	[norfloxacin] Norfloxacin is a 6-fluoro, 7-piperazinyl quinolone with a wide range of activity against Gram-negative bacteria. It is inactive against most anaerobes.
ARO:3000663	[ofloxacin] Ofloxacin is a 6-fluoro, 7-piperazinyl quinolone with a methyl-substituted oxazine ring. It has a broad spectrum of activity including many enterobacteria and mycoplasma but most anaerobes are resistant.
ARO:3000664	[trovafloxacin] Trovafloxacin is a trifluoroquinalone with a broad spectrum of activity that acts by inhibiting the uncoiling of supercoiled DNA. While potent against many Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, it is less active against pseudomonads and Cl. difficile. It is usually taken as the prodrug trovafloxacin mesylate or alatrofloxacin mesylate for oral or intravenous administration, respectively.
ARO:3000665	[grepafloxacin] Grepafloxacin is a broad-spectrum antibacterial quinoline. It is no longer taken due to its high toxicity.
ARO:3000666	[sparfloxacin] Sparfloxacin is a dimethylpiperazinyl difluoroquinolone that acts by inhibiting DNA gyrase. It is active against aerobic Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, as well as some mycobacteria. It has moderate activity against some anaerobes.
ARO:3000667	[demeclocycline] Demeclocycline is a tetracycline analog with 7-chloro and 6-methyl groups. Due to its fast absorption and slow excretion, it maintains higher effective blood levels compared to other tetracyclines.
ARO:3000668	[oxytetracycline] Oxytetracycline is a derivative of tetracycline with a 5-hydroxyl group. Its activity is similar to other tetracyclines.
ARO:3000669	[pristinamycin IIA] Pristinamycin IIA is a streptogramin A antibiotic.
ARO:3000670	[pleuromutilin antibiotic] Pleuromutilins are natural fungal products that target bacterial protein translation by binding the the 23S rRNA, blocking the ribosome P site at the 50S subunit. They are mostly used for agriculture and veterinary purposes.
ARO:3000671	[tiamulin] Tiamulin is a pleuromutilin derivative currently used in veterinary medicine. It binds to the 23 rRNA of the 50S ribosomal subunit to inhibit protein translation.
ARO:3000672	[madumycin II] Madumycin II is a streptogramin A antibiotic.
ARO:3000673	[griseoviridin] Griseoviridin is a streptogramin A antibiotic.
ARO:3000674	[dalfopristin] Dalfopristin is a water-soluble semi-synthetic derivative of pristinamycin IIA. It is produced by Streptomyces pristinaespiralis and is used in combination with quinupristin in a 7:3 ratio. Both work together to inhibit protein synthesis, and is active against Gram-positive bacteria.
ARO:3000675	[pristinamycin IB] Pristinamycin IB is a class B streptogramin similar to pristinamycin IA, the former containing a N-methyl-4-(methylamino)phenylalanine instead of a N-methyl-4-(dimethylamino)phenylalanine in its class A streptogramin counterpart (one less methyl group).
ARO:3000676	[H-NS] H-NS is a histone-like protein involved in global gene regulation in Gram-negative bacteria. It is a repressor of the membrane fusion protein genes acrE, mdtE, and emrK as well as nearby genes of many RND-type multidrug exporters.
ARO:3000677	[virginiamycin S2] Virginiamycin S2 is a streptogramin B antibiotic.
ARO:3000678	[vernamycin B-gamma] Vernamycin B-gamma is a class B streptogramin derived from virginiamycin S1.
ARO:3000679	[vernamycin C] Vernamycin C is a streptogramin B antibiotic.
ARO:3000680	[patricin A] Patricin A is a streptogramin B antibiotic.
ARO:3000681	[patricin B] Patricin B is a streptogramin B antibiotic.
ARO:3000682	[ostreogrycin B3] Ostreogrycin B3 is a derivative of pristinamycin IA, with an additional 3-hydroxy group on its 4-oxopipecolic acid.
ARO:3000683	[sulfacetamide] Sulfacetamide is a very soluable sulfonamide antibiotic previously used to treat urinary tract infections. Its relatively low activity and toxicity to those with Stevens-Johnson syndrome have reduced its use and availability.
ARO:3000684	[mafenide] Mafenide is a sulfonamide used topically for treating burns.
ARO:3000685	[arylomycin] Arylomycins are lipopeptide antibiotics, sharing a lipohexapeptide with a C-terminal tripeptide macrolide and varying by the length of its alkyl chains.
ARO:3000686	[thiostrepton] Thiostrepton is a cyclic peptide active against Gram-positive bacteria. It is produced by streptomyces bacteria.
ARO:3000687	[moenomycin] Moemomycin antibiotics are phosphoglycolipids that contain a 3-phosphoglyceric acid, often used as a mixture. They inhibit petidoglycan glycosyltransferases to prevent bacterial cell wall biosynthesis.
ARO:3000688	[furazolidone] Furazolidone is a nitrofuran antibiotic that is a non-ionic synthetic compound. It is taken orally and is active against many enteric pathogens. Furazolidone also has antiprotozoal activity and acts by inhibiting monoamine oxidase.
ARO:3000689	[metronidazole] Metronidazole is a nitroimidazole that is active against anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. It is not effective against aerobic bacteria. Nitroimidazoles act by oxidizing DNA causing strand breaks and cell death.
ARO:3000690	[bleomycinic acid] Bleomycinic acid is a glycopeptide antibiotic produced by Streptomyces verticillus taken as a mixture of bleomycins. It induces stand breaks in bacterial nucleic acids.
ARO:3000691	[bleomycin A2] Bleomycin A2 is a glycopeptide antibiotic produced by Streptomyces verticillus taken as a mixture of bleomycins. It induces stand breaks in bacterial nucleic acids.
ARO:3000692	[bleomycin B2] Bleomycin B2 is a glycopeptide antibiotic produced by Streptomyces verticillus taken as a mixture of bleomycins. It induces stand breaks in bacterial nucleic acids.
ARO:3000693	[defensin] Defensins are natural cationic peptides that have antibiotic properties. It is part of the innate immune system of plants and animals.
ARO:3000694	[magainin] Magainins are antimicrobial peptides produced by amphibians skil cells as part of their innate immune system. It is active against a broad range of gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria, fungi and protozoa.
ARO:3000695	[actinomycin] Actinomycins are peptide antibiotics that interact with DNA. This prevents RNA synthesis, thus preventing the production of proteins vital to the cell.
ARO:3000696	[actinomycin D] Actinomycin D is a cyclic peptide antibiotic that interacts with DNA to inhibit RNA synthesis.
ARO:3000697	[moenomycin A1] Moenomycin A1 is a major component of moenomycin mixtures. It is produced by Streptomyces ghanaensis, S. bambergiensis, S. ederensis, and S. geysiriensis.
ARO:3000698	[sulfasalazine] Sulfasalazine is a derivative of the early sulfonamide sulfapyridine (salicylazosulfapyridine). It was developed to increase water solubility and is taken orally for ulcerative colitis.
ARO:3000699	[sulfamethizole] Sulfamethizole is a short-acting sulfonamide that inhibits dihydropteroate synthetase.
ARO:3000700	[lividomycin A] Lividomycin A is a pentasaccharide antibiotic which interferes with bacterial protein synthesis.
ARO:3000701	[lividomycin B] Lividomycin B is a derivative of lividomycin A with a removed mannose group (demannosyllividomycin A). Livodomycins interfere with bacterial protein synthesis.
ARO:3000702	[acrR] AcrR is a repressor of the AcrAB-TolC multidrug efflux complex. AcrR mutations result in high level antibiotic resistance.
ARO:3000704	[cefalotin] Cefalotin is a semisynthetic cephalosporin antibiotic activate against staphylococci. It is resistant to staphylococci beta-lactamases but hydrolyzed by enterobacterial beta-lactamases.
ARO:3000705	[isopenicillin N] Isopenicillin N is a natural penicillin derivative produced by Penicillium chrysogenum with activity similar to penicillin N.
ARO:3000706	[penicillin N] Penicillin N is a penicillin derivative produced by Cephalosporium acremonium.
ARO:3000707	[mixture] Mixtures of antibiotics are commonly used clinically. These mixtures link to antibiotic molecules that are also listed in their respective families under antibiotic molecules. i.e. 'Gramicidin A' is part of the mixture 'gramicidin D', while 'Gramicidin A' is also a 'gramicidin', which is a 'peptide antibiotic'.
ARO:3000708	[antibiotic target] Antibiotic targets are components of the bacterial cell usually unique to bacteria or significantly different from their eukaryotic counterparts to allow for selective antibacterial activity. Exceptions include antibiotics that are converted to an active form inside the bacterium. Resistance mechanisms may modify these targets to protect bacteria from the effects of antibiotics.
ARO:3000709	[cell wall synthesis enzyme targeted by antibiotic] Cell wall biosynthesis provides bacteria with a layer of peptidoglycan that provides rigidity and protects the cell from lysis due to osmotic pressure. Cell wall structures vary significantly between Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, while mycobacteria have a unique cell wall composition.
ARO:3000710	[cell membrane component targeted by antibiotic] Interaction with the cell membrane phospholipids interferes with membrane permeability and integrity, leading to the leakage of cell contents. The outer membrane of Gram-negative bacteria is particularly sensitive.
ARO:3000711	[protein synthesis machinery targeted by antibiotic] Protein synthesis in bacteria is accomplished by cytosolic ribosomes that are structurally different from eukaryotic ribosomes, and thus a target for many antibiotics. By inhibiting ribosomal activity, either by directly binding to the ribosome or interacting with co-factors, antibiotics prevent protein synthesis.
ARO:3000712	[nucleic acid synthesis machinery targeted by antibiotic] Bacterial DNA and RNA synthesis includes many enzymes unique to bacteria that are targeted by antibiotics.
ARO:3000713	[nucleic acid targeted by antibiotic] Nucleic acids can also be targeted by antibiotics. These drugs are usually converted to an active form by enzymes unique to bacteria to prevent toxicity to the host.
ARO:3000714	[folate synthesis enzyme targeted by antibiotic] Enzymes in the folate synthesis pathway are targeted by two main classes of antibiotics: sulfonamides and diaminopyrimidines. Inhibition of these enzymes block the production of key precursors for nucleotides and amino acids.
ARO:3000715	[isoprenoid synthesis enzyme targeted by antibiotic] Enzymes in this pathway generate important precursors for macromolecules. While eukaryotes and prokaryotes both synthesize isoprenoids, many bacteria and notably mycobacteria use an alternative pathway that is targeted by antibiotics.
ARO:3000716	[mycolic acid synthesis enzyme targeted by antibiotic] Mycolic acids are produced by mycobacteria. These fatty acids are required for the construction of cell walls. Enzymes that are targeted by antibiotics include synthases, elongases, and dehydrogenases.
ARO:3000717	[antibiotic sensitive signal peptidase I] Signal peptidase I is a bacterial signal peptidase that cleaves signal peptides from translated proteins. These signal peptides direct proteins to their destination, and then must be cleaved in order to function.
ARO:3000718	[marR] MarR is a repressor of the mar operon marRAB, thus regulating the expression of marA, the activator of multidrug efflux pump AcrAB.
ARO:3000719	[bacitracin sensitive isoprenyl pyrophosphate] Isoprepnyl pyrophosphate removes a phosphate group that is added from the peptidoglycan subunit to permit its transfer across the cell membrane. The phosphate group must be removed before its incorporation into peptidoglycan macromolecules.
ARO:3000720	[acyl-D-alanyl-D-alanine] The acyl-D-alanyl-D-alanine group is found at the terminal end of the pentapeptide chains of peptidoglycan subunits. Antibiotics that bind to this group block the addition of subunits, inhibiting peptidoglycan synthesis. This group is most accessible in Gram-postive bacteria.
ARO:3000721	[cell wall component targeted by antibiotic] The cell wall is unique to bacteria and provides rigidity and protects the cell from lysis due to osmotic pressure. Its characteristic component is peptidoglycan, though cell wall structures vary significantly between Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, as well as mycobacteria.
ARO:3000722	[cycloserine sensitive alanine racemase] Alanine racemase converts the natural L-alanine to the D-alanine required in the pentapeptide chains in peptidoglycan. It is found in both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000723	[cycloserine sensitive D-alanine synthetase] D-Alanine synthetase joins two D-alanines before their addition to the pentapeptide chains of peptidoglycan. It is found in both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000724	[fosfomycin sensitive pyruvyl transferase (murA)] Pyruvyl transferase is responsible for the conversion of N-acetylglucosamine (NAG) to N-acetylmuramic acid (NAMA). NAMA is a part of the macromolecular backbone of peptidoglycans. Pyruvyl transferase is found in both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000725	[antibiotic sensitive arabinosyltransferase] Arabinosyl transferases allow for the polymerization of arabinose to form arabinan. Arabanan is required for formation of mycobacterial cell walls.
ARO:3000726	[pentaglycyl bridge] The pentaglycyl bridge is part of Gram-positive peptidoglycan, allowing the formation of a thick and rigid cell wall.
ARO:3000727	[50S ribosomal subunit] The larger of two ribosomal subunits that make up the 70S bacterial ribosome.
ARO:3000728	[30S ribosomal subunit] The smaller of two ribosomal subunits that make up the 70S bacterial ribosome.
ARO:3000729	[ribosomal complex] The ribosomal complex can be targeted by antibiotics that stabilize the entire complex and prevent further translation. These antibiotics target both subunits in the process of protein translation.
ARO:3000730	[elongation factor G] Elongation factor G (EF-G) provides energy for the translocation step in protein synthesis. Antibiotics that target EF-G allow one round of translocation but prevent EF-G from dissociating from the ribosome-RNA complex.
ARO:3000731	[elongation factor Tu] Elongation factor Tu is required for peptide elongation in bacterial protein synthesis.
ARO:3000732	[antibiotic sensitive Isoleucyl-tRNA transferase] Isoleucyl-tRNA transferase recognizes isoleucine codons and works with the ribosome to incorporate isoleucine amino acids into polypeptide chains. It can be targeted by antibiotics that have an analog of isoleucine through competitive inhibition.
ARO:3000733	[fluoroquinolone sensitive gyrA] DNA gyrase is responsible for DNA supercoiling and consists of two alpha and two beta subunits. Binding the alpha-subunit is sufficient to inhibit DNA supercoiling.
ARO:3000734	[antibiotic sensitive DNA topoisomerase subunit gyrB] DNA gyrase is responsible for DNA supercoiling and consists of two alpha and two beta subunits. Binding the beta-subunit is sufficient to inhibit DNA supercoiling.
ARO:3000735	[fluoroquinolone sensitive parC] subunit of the DNA topoisomerase IV sensitive to fluoroquinolone
ARO:3000736	[rho transcription terminator factor] The rho transcription terminator factor moves along RNA as it is transcribed, unwinding the RNA from the DNA. It is also responsible for recognizing transcription termination pause sites, slowing down RNA polymerase and allowing mRNA to be released.
ARO:3000737	[rifamycin sensitive beta-subunit of RNA polymerase (rpoB)] The beta-subunit of RNA polymerase is targeted as a complex. When blocked, RNA strand elongation cannot continue after the first few nucleotides.
ARO:3000738	[deoxyribonucleic acid] Antibiotics can target DNA to cause strand breaks or prevent transcription. The activity of these antibiotics can be context dependent: some antibiotics are converted to an active form only in certain species, while others target DNA as it is being transcribed.
ARO:3000739	[RNA guanosine binding site] RNA intron self-splicing action can be inhibited by antibiotics that target a G-binding site to compete with the guanosine cofactor.
ARO:3000740	[ribonucleic acid] Many types of ribonucleic acids (RNAs) are targeted by antibiotics, including mRNA templates and ribosomal RNA. Some antibiotics target all RNAs and cause strand breaks.
ARO:3000741	[transcription complex DNA] DNA in the transcriptional complex is partially unwound, allowing antibiotics to target exposed bases and prevent DNA transcription.
ARO:3000742	[anaerobe DNA] DNA in anaerobes are targeted by antibiotics that are converted to an active form in the anaerobe environment. For nitroimidazoles, the antibiotic is reduced to a highly oxidative intermediate that causes DNA oxidation and double-stranded breaks.
ARO:3000743	[1-deoxy-D-xylulose 5-phosphate reductoisomerase] This reductoisomerase is found in an alternate isoprenoid synthase pathway that is mevalonate independent. Isoprenoids are important precursors to many other macromolecules. This non-mevalonate pathway is used by plants and most bacteria, including mycobacteria, but not eukaryotes, allowing for selectivea action. Staphylococcus aureus and some other Gram-positive bacteria use a mevalonate-dependent pathway, and are resistant against 1-deoxy-D-xylose 5-phosphate reductoisomerase inhibitors.
ARO:3000744	[antibiotic sensitive dihydropteroate synthase] Dihydropteroate synthase catalyzes the conversion of p-aminobenzoic acid to dihydropteroic acid as part of the tetrahydrofolic acid biosynthetic pathway. Tetrahydrofolic acid is essential for folate synthesis, and a precursor of many nucleotides and amino acids. Inhibiting dihydropteroate leads to slow cell death, as bacteria can survive on existing folate storages for a few generations.
ARO:3000745	[antibiotic sensitive dihydrofolate reductase] Dihydrofolate reductase synthesizes the co-enzyme tetrahydrofolic acid, which is also an essential precursor in the de novo synthesis of the DNA nucleotide thymidine.
ARO:3000746	[mepR] MepR is an upstream repressor of MepA in Staphylococcus aureus. It is part of the mepRAB operon.
ARO:3000747	[mef] Mef efflux pumps are MFS-type transporters that confer macrolide resistance in Streptococcus pneumoniae.
ARO:3000748	[subunit of efflux pump conferring antibiotic resistance] Subunits of efflux proteins that pump antibiotic out of a cell to confer resistance.
ARO:3000749	[beta-lactam sensitive penicillin-binding protein] Penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) are responsible for transpeptidation, joining subunits to form peptidoglycan. They are numbered according to descending molecular weight, and may vary between species. These numbers represent the PBPs of E. coli. Inhibition of the larger PBPs responsible for transpeptidation (1-3) are lethal. Smaller PBPs (4-6) are involed in carboxypeptidation; inhibition of these is non-lethal.
ARO:3000750	[subunit of gene modulating antibiotic efflux] Subunits of genes that directly or indirectly change rates of antibiotic efflux.
ARO:3000751	[peptide antibiotic resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to peptide antibiotics.
ARO:3000752	[rgi_colour] HTML colour for use by the Resistance Gene Identifier defined using hexadecimal notation (HEX) for the combination of Red, Green, and Blue color values (RGB).
ARO:3000753	[abeM] AbeM is an multidrug efflux pump found in Acinetobacter baumannii.
ARO:3000754	[antibiotic sensitive peptidyl transferase (23S rRNA)] The bacterial 23S rRNA, at the P site of the 50S subunit, has peptidyl transferase activity and is responsible for peptide synthesis and elongation.
ARO:3000755	[Antibiotic sensitive 16S rRNA] The 16S rRNA of the 30S ribosomal subunit helps to stabilize the aminoacyl-tRNAs for pairing with the mRNA codons. Some antibiotics (aminoglycosides) that target the 16S rRNA lead to mRNA misreading as well as premature termination. Other antibiotics (tetracyclines) that target the 16S rRNA prevent incoming charged-tRNAs from binding to the ribosome's A-site, stopping elongation.
ARO:3000756	[30S ribosomal subunit P-site] The P-site of the ribosome binds the peptidyl-tRNA with the growing polypeptide chain. Antibiotics that target the P-site block fMet-tRNA from entering, thus inhibiting peptide elongation.
ARO:3000757	[50S ribosomal subunit P-site] The P-site of the ribosome binds the peptidyl-tRNA with the growing polypeptide chain, and is a common target for many antibiotics that inhibit the 50S ribosomal subunit. Some antibiotics (oxazolidinones) block the 50S subunit from interacting with the 30S subunit to prevent the formation of the ribosomal complex. Other antibiotics (thiostrepton) block the 50S subunit from interacting with elongation factors G and Tu (EF-G, Ef-Tu), preventing GTP-dependent reactions of peptidyl transferase, and translocation, respectively. Other antibiotics (macrolides) prevent protein translocation.
ARO:3000758	[fosmidomycin] Fosmidomycin is an inhibitor of 1-deoxy-D-xylulose 5-phosphate reductoisomerase, an enzyme in the non-mevalonate pathway for isoprenoid synthesis. It is active against enterobacteria, but not against Gram-positive bacteria or anaerobes.
ARO:3000759	[fusidic acid] Fusidic acid is the only commercially available fusidane, a group steroid like antibiotics. It is most active against Gram-positive bacteria, and acts by inhibiting elongation factor G to  block protein synthesis.
ARO:3000760	[cycloserine] Cycloserine is an anti-mycobacterial agent, and is active against enterobacteria, streptococci, M. tuberculosis, Staphylococcus aureus, and many Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria. It inhibits cell wall biosynthesis.
ARO:3000761	[mecillinam] Mecillinam is a broad-spectrum beta-lactam antibiotic that was semi-synthetically derived to have a different drug centre, being a 6-alpha-amidinopenicillanate instead of a 6-alpha-acylaminopenicillanate. Contrasting most beta-lactam drugs, mecillinam is most active against Gram-negative bacteria. It binds specifically to penicillin binding protein 2 (PBP2).
ARO:3000762	[pefloxacin] Pefloxacin is structurally and functionally similar to norfloxacin. It is poorly active against mycobacteria, while anaerobes are resistant.
ARO:3000763	[antibiotic sensitive embC] EmbC is an arabinosyltransferase involved in lipoarabinomannan synthesis.
ARO:3000764	[antibiotic sensitive embA] EmbA is an arabinosyltransferase that works as a heterodimer with EmbB. It is involved in the synthesis of arabinogalactan, a component of the mycobacterial cell wall.
ARO:3000765	[antibiotic sensitive embB] EmbB is an arabinosyltransferase that works as a heterodimer with EmbA. It is involved in the synthesis of arabinogalactan, a component of the mycobacterial cell wall.
ARO:3000766	[antibiotic sensitive topoisomerase subunit] Topoisomerases are responsible for winding and relaxing supercoiled DNA. The subunits of gyrase (gyrA, gyrB) and topoisomerase IV (parC, parE, parY) are targeted by antibiotics.
ARO:3000767	[avoparcin] Avoparcin is a glycopeptide antibiotic that is an analog of vancomycin. It was formally used to treat animals, but has since been banned because of its selection for vancomycin-resistant enterococci.
ARO:3000768	[abeS] AbeS in an efflux pump of the SMR family of transporters found in Acinetobacter baumannii.
ARO:3000769	[PatA-PatB] PatA-PatB is an efflux protein complex that is associated with fluoroquinolone resistance in Streptococcus pneumoniae. Experiments indicate that PatA and PatB form a heterodimeric transporter.
ARO:3000770	[AdeABC] AdeABC is an RND multidrug efflux system in Acinetobacter species, notably A. baunmannii. AdeA is a membrane fusion protein, AdeB is the inner membrane transporter, and AdeC is the outer membrane factor. It confers resistance to tigecycline.
ARO:3000771	[AdeFGH] AdeFGH is a RND multidrug efflux pump expressed in Acinetobacter baumannii. It confers resistance to fluoroquinolone, tetracycline, tigecycline, chloramphenicol, clindamycin, trimethoprim, and sulfamethoxazole.
ARO:3000772	[AdeIJK] AdeIJK is a RND multidrug efflux pump expressed in Acinetobacter baumannii. It confers resistance to beta-lactams, chloramphenicol, tetracycline, erythromycin, lincosamides, fluoroquinolone, fusidic acid, novobiocin, rifampicin, trimethoprim, acridine, pyronine, and safranin.
ARO:3000773	[CmeABC] CmeABC is a multidrug efflux pump in Campylobacter jejuni. Its overexpression led to enhanced resistance to ciprofloxacin, norfloxacin, cefotaxime, fusidic acid, and erythromycin. CmeA acts as the periplasmic fusion protein, CmeB is the inner membrane transporter, and CmeC is an outer membrane protein.
ARO:3000774	[adeA] AdeA is the membrane fusion protein of the multidrug efflux complex AdeABC.
ARO:3000775	[adeB] AdeB is the multidrug transporter of the adeABC efflux system.
ARO:3000776	[adeC] AdeC is the outer membrane factor of the AdeABC multidrug efflux complex. It can be replaced by other outer membrane channels, and is not essential for antibiotic resistance.
ARO:3000777	[adeF] AdeF is the membrane fusion protein of the multidrug efflux complex AdeFGH.
ARO:3000778	[adeG] AdeG is the inner membrane transporter of the AdeFGH multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3000779	[adeH] AdeH is the outer membrane channel protein of the AdeFGH multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3000780	[adeI] AdeI is the membrane fusion protein of the AdeIJK multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3000781	[adeJ] AdeJ is a RND efflux protein that acts as the inner membrane transporter of the AdeIJK efflux complex. It has 57% identity with E. coli AcrB.
ARO:3000782	[adeK] AdeK is the outer membrane factor protein in the adeIJK multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3000783	[cmeA] CmeA is the membrane fusion protein of the CmeABC multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3000784	[cmeB] CmeB is the inner membrane transporter the CmeABC multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3000785	[cmeC] CmeC is the outer membrane channel protein of the CmeABC multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3000786	[MdsABC] MdsABC, or GesABC, is a RND-type efflux complex found in Salmonella. In addition to its metal-efflux system, GesABC is also capable of exporting beta-lactams, chloramphenicol, and thiamphenicol. GesB is the inner membrane transporter and is similar to MexF; GesA is the membrane-fusion protein, and GesC is the outer membrane factor.
ARO:3000787	[MdtABC-TolC] MdtABC-TolC is a multidrug efflux system in Gram-negative bacteria, including E. coli and Salmonella. MdtA is a membrane fusion protein; TolC is the outer membrane channel; MdtBC form a drug transporter. In the absence of MdtB, the MdtAC-TolC has narrower drug specificity, leading to the loss of novobiocin resistance, for example.
ARO:3000788	[MdtEF-TolC] MdtEF-TolC is a multidrug efflux complex in Gram-negative bacteria, including E. coli. MdtE is the membrane fusion protein, MdtF is the inner membrane transporter, while TolC is the outer membrane channel.
ARO:3000789	[mdsA] MdsA is the membrane fusion protein of the multidrug and metal efflux complex MdsABC.
ARO:3000790	[mdsB] MdsB is the inner membrane transporter of the multidrug and metal efflux complex MdsABC.
ARO:3000791	[mdsC] MdsC is the outer membrane channel of the multidrug and metal efflux complex MdsABC.
ARO:3000792	[mdtA] MdtA is the membrane fusion protein of the multidrug efflux complex mdtABC.
ARO:3000793	[mdtB] MdtB is a transporter that forms a heteromultimer complex with MdtC to form a multidrug transporter. MdtBC is part of the MdtABC-TolC efflux complex.
ARO:3000794	[mdtC] MdtC is a transporter that forms a heteromultimer complex with MdtB to form a multidrug transporter. MdtBC is part of the MdtABC-TolC efflux complex. In the absence of MdtB, MdtC can form a homomultimer complex that results in a functioning efflux complex with a narrower drug specificity.
ARO:3000795	[mdtE] MdtE is the membrane fusion protein of the MdtEF multidrug efflux complex. It shares 70% sequence similarity with AcrA.
ARO:3000796	[mdtF] MdtF is the multidrug inner membrane transporter for the MdtEF-TolC efflux complex.
ARO:3000797	[MexCD-OprJ] MexCD-OprJ is a multidrug efflux protein expressed in the Gram-negative Pseudomonas aeruginosa. MexC is the membrane fusion protein; MexD is the inner membrane transporter; and OprJ is the outer membrane channel. MexAB-OprM is associated with resistance to fluoroquinolones, chloramphenicol, and macrolides.
ARO:3000798	[MexEF-OprN] MexEF-OprN is a multidrug efflux protein expressed in the Gram-negative Pseudomonas aeruginosa. MexE is the membrane fusion protein; MexF is the inner membrane transporter; and OprN is the outer membrane channel. MexEF-OprN is associated with resistance to fluoroquinolones, chloramphenicol, and trimethoprim.
ARO:3000799	[MexGHI-OpmD] MexGHI-OpmD is an efflux complex expressed in Pseudomonas aeruginosa. MexG is a membrane protein required for drug export; MexH is the membrane fusion protein; MexI is the inner membrane transporter; and MexJ is the outer membrane channel protein. MexGHI-OpmD confers resistance to vanadium, norfloxacin, and acriflavin.
ARO:3000800	[mexC] MexC is the membrane fusion protein of the MexCD-OprJ multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3000801	[mexD] MexD is the multidrug inner membrane transporter of the MexCD-OprJ complex.
ARO:3000802	[oprJ] OprJ is the outer membrane channel component of the MexCD-OprJ multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3000803	[mexE] MexE is the membrane fusion protein of the MexEF-OprN multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3000804	[mexF] MexF is the multidrug inner membrane transporter of the MexEF-OprN complex.
ARO:3000805	[oprN] OprN is the outer membrane channel component of the MexEF-OprN multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3000806	[mexG] MexG is a membrane protein required for MexGHI-OpmD efflux activity.
ARO:3000807	[mexH] MexH is the membrane fusion protein of the efflux complex MexGHI-OpmD.
ARO:3000808	[mexI] MexI is the inner membrane transporter of the efflux complex MexGHI-OpmD.
ARO:3000809	[opmD] OpmD is the outer membrane channel protein of the efflux complex MexGHI-OpmD.
ARO:3000810	[mtrC] MtrC is the membrane fusion protein of the MtrCDE multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3000811	[mtrD] MtrD is the inner membrane multidrug transporter of the MtrCDE efflux complex.
ARO:3000812	[mtrE] MtrE is an outer membrane exporter protein that is part of the MtrCDE multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3000813	[mexS] MexS is a suppressor of MexT, which is an activator of the multidrug pump MexEF-OprN. Mutations in MexS lead to multidrug resistance.
ARO:3000814	[mexT] MexT is a LysR-type transcriptional activator that positively regulates the expression of MexEF-OprN and OprD.
ARO:3000815	[mgrA] MgrA, also known as NorR, is a regulator for norA, norB, and tet38. It is a positive regulator for norA expression, but is a direct repressor for norB and an indirect repressor of tet38.
ARO:3000816	[mtrA] MtrA is a transcriptional activator of the MtrCDE multidrug efflux pump of Neisseria gonorrhoeae.
ARO:3000817	[mtrR] MtrR is a repressor of mtrCDE expression. Mutations in mtrR increase multidrug resistance.
ARO:3000818	[nalC] NalC is a repressor of PA3720-PA3719, which are positive regulators of MexAB-OprM. Thus, nalC mutants confer multidrug resistance.
ARO:3000819	[nalD] NalD is a repressor of MexAB-OprM. Mutations lead to multidrug resistance and MexAB-OprM overexpression.
ARO:3000820	[nfxB] NfxB is a repressor of the efflux pump mexCD-oprJ and itself.
ARO:3000821	[phoPQ] PhoPQ is a two-component regulatory system. phoP is phosphorylated by phoQ at a low [mg2+], activating the repressor. Its part of a two component regulating system that activates the PmrA/B system which has downstream effects, leading to Antimicrobial resistance in many pathogens. In Salmonella, phoP bind to macAB ABC transporter and represses it. In Escherichia coli, phoPQ regulates arnA expression. phoPQ have other roles in other species.
ARO:3000822	[pmrA efflux pump] PmrA is a MFS-type efflux pump expressed in Streptococcus pneumoniae that confers low-level resistance to norfloxacin, ciprofloxacin, and acriflavine.
ARO:3000823	[ramA] RamA ("resistance antibiotic multiple") is a positive regulator of AcrAB-TolC and leads to high level multidrug resistance in Klebsiella pneumoniae, Salmonella enterica, and Enterobacter aerugenes, increasing the expression of both the mar operon as well as AcrAB. RamA also decreases OmpF expression.
ARO:3000824	[ramR] RamR is a repressor that regulates RamA expression. Mutations lead to the upregulation of AcrAB, which is positively regulated by RamA.
ARO:3000825	[robA] robA is a positive regulator for the acrAB efflux genes, and is structurally similar to SoxS and MarA.
ARO:3000826	[sdiA] SdiA is a cell division regulator that is also a positive regulator of AcrAB only when it's expressed from a plasmid. When the sdiA gene is on the chromosome, it has no effect on expression of acrAB
ARO:3000827	[soxRS] SoxRS is a two-component regulator part of the superoxide stress response. It is a positive regulator for many multidrug efflux pumps.
ARO:3000828	[baeR] BaeR is a response regulator that promotes the expression of MdtABC and AcrD efflux complexes.
ARO:3000829	[baeS] BaeS is a sensor kinase in the BaeSR regulatory system. While it phosphorylates BaeR to increase its activity, BaeS is not necessary for overexpressed BaeR to confer resistance.
ARO:3000830	[cpxA] CpxA is a membrane-localized sensor kinase that is activated by envelope stress. It starts a kinase cascade that activates CpxR, which promotes efflux complex expression.
ARO:3000831	[cpxR] CpxR is a regulator that promotes acrD expression when phosphorylated by a cascade involving CpxA, a sensor kinase.
ARO:3000832	[evgA] EvgA, when phosphorylated, is a positive regulator for efflux protein complexes emrKY and mdtEF. While usually phosphorylated in a EvgS dependent manner, it can be phosphorylated in the absence of EvgS when overexpressed.
ARO:3000833	[evgS] EvgS is a sensor protein that phosphorylates the regulatory protein EvgA.
ARO:3000834	[phoP] PhoP is a direct repressor of the macAB efflux genes.
ARO:3000835	[phoQ] PhoQ is a sensor protein that is induced by low Mg2+ concentrations. When activated, PhoQ donates a phosphate to activate PhoP.
ARO:3000836	[soxR] SoxR is a sensory protein that upregulates soxS expression in the presence of redox-cycling drugs. This stress response leads to the expression many multidrug efflux pumps. In Pseudomonas aeruginosa, which lacks SoxS, SoxR is able to directly upregulate the expression of the MexGHI-OpmD efflux pump.
ARO:3000837	[soxS] SoxS is a global regulator that up-regulates the expression of AcrAB efflux genes. It also reduces OmpF expression to decrease cell membrane permeability.
ARO:3000838	[arlR] ArlR is a response regulator that binds to the norA promoter to activate expression. ArlR must first be phosphorylated by ArlS.
ARO:3000839	[arlS] ArlS is a protein histidine kinase that phosphorylates ArlR, a promoter for norA expression.
ARO:3000840	[JOHN-1 beta-lactamase] JOHN-1 is an Ambler class B carbapenem-hydrolysing beta-lactamase from Flavobacterium johnsoniae.
ARO:3000841	[CGB-1 beta-lactamase] CGB-1 is an Ambler class B beta-lactamase that mediates resistance for carbapenems in Chryseobacterium gleum
ARO:3000842	[EBR-1 beta-lactamase] EBR-1 is an Ambler class B beta-lactamase found in Empedobacter brevis and is known to mediate the hydrolysis of penicillins, cephalosporins, and carbapenems efficiently but not aztreonam.
ARO:3000843	[MUS-1 beta-lactamase] MUS-1 is a chromosome-encoded beta-lactamase from Myroides odoratus and Myroides odoratimimus
ARO:3000844	[TUS-1 beta-lactamase] TUS-1 is a chromosome-encoded beta-lactamase from Myroides odoratus and Myroides odoratimimus
ARO:3000845	[GIM-1] GIM-1 is an integron-encoded B1 beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3000846	[SIM-1 beta-lactamase] SIM-1 is an integron-encoded Ambler class B beta-lactamase isolated from Acinetobacter baumannii
ARO:3000847	[KHM-1 beta-lactamase] KHM-1 is a plasmid-mediated metallo-beta-lactamase found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3000848	[DIM-1] Dutch imipenemase or DIM-1 is an integron-encoded metallo-beta-lactamase from Pseudomonas stutzeri
ARO:3000849	[Sfh-1] Sfh-I confers carbapenem resistance to Serratia fonticola
ARO:3000850	[GOB-1 beta-lactamase] GOB-1 confers resistance to cephalosporins in Elizabethkingia meningoseptica
ARO:3000851	[THIN-B beta-lactamase] THIN-B, isolated from Janthinobacterium lividum, hydrolyzes a broad spectrum of beta-lactams including penicillins, cephalosporins, and carbapenems.
ARO:3000852	[LRA beta-lactamase] LRA are Ambler class B beta-lactamases isolated from cultured and uncultured microorganisms from Alaskan soil samples.
ARO:3000853	[AIM-1] AIM-1 is an Ambler class B beta-lactamase that hydrolyzes most beta-lactams except aztreonam and ceftazidime. It was isolated from Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
ARO:3000854	[SMB-1 beta-lactamase] SMB-1 can hydrolyze a variety of beta-lactams, including penicillins, cephalosporins, and carbapenems. It was identified in Serratia marcescens.
ARO:3000855	[CAU-1 beta-lactamase] CAU-1 is a B3 metallo-beta-lactamase that is encoded by the Caulobacter crescentus chromosome
ARO:3000856	[BJP-1] BJP-1 is a subclass B3 ortholog found in Bradyrhizobium japonicum that hydrolyzes most beta-lactams except aztreonam, ticarcillin, and temocillin.
ARO:3000857	[16S ribosomal RNA methyltransferase] Methyltransferases that modify the 16S rRNA of the 30S subunit of bacterial ribosomes, conferring resistance to drugs that target 16S rRNA.
ARO:3000858	[armA] ArmA is a 16S rRNA methyltransferase that targets mature or nearly mature 30S subunits. It transfers a methyl group from S-adenosyl-L-methionine to N7-G1405 of the 16S rRNA, an aminoglycoside binding site.
ARO:3000859	[rmtA] RmtA is a 16S rRNA methyltransferase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa which methylates G1405 of the 16S rRNA. It confers high level resistance to many aminoglycosides.
ARO:3000860	[rmtB] RmtB is a 16S rRNA methyltransferase that targets mature or nearly mature 30S subunits. It transfers a methyl group from S-adenosyl-L-methionine to N7-G1405 of the 16S rRNA, an aminoglycoside binding site.
ARO:3000861	[rmtC] RmtC is a rRNA methyltransferase found in Proteus mirabilis with high level resistance to similar to aminoglycosides, with the exception of non-4,6-disubstituted deoxystreptamines (streptomycin and neomycin). It has also been isolated in Salmonella enterica ser. Virchow. It is hypothesized to methylate G1405, like related methyltransferases RmtA, RmtB, and ArmA.
ARO:3000862	[sgm] Sgm, or sisomicin-gentamicin methyltransferase, methylates G1405 of 16S rRNA to confer resistance to various aminoglycosides.
ARO:3000863	[mprF] MprF is a integral membrane protein that modifies the negatively-charged phosphatidylglycerol on the membrane surface of both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. This confers resistance to cationic peptides that disrupt the cell membrane, including defensins.
ARO:3000864	[fluoroquinolone resistant gyrB] Point mutations in DNA gyrase subunit B (gyrB) observed in Mycobacterium tuberculosis can result in resistance to fluoroquinolones.
ARO:3000865	[oleD] OleD is a glycotransferase found in Streptomyces antibioticus, a natural producer  of oleandomycin. OleD can glycosylate a wide range of macrolides. Unlike oleI, oleD is not found in the oleandomycin biosynthetic cluster.
ARO:3000866	[oleI] OleI is a glycosyltransferase found in Streptomyces antibioticus, specifically the oleandomycin biosynthetic cluster. OleI glycosylates oleandomycin to confer self-resistance.
ARO:3000867	[oleandomycin] Oleandomycin is a 14-membered macrolide produced by Streptomyces antibioticus. It is ssimilar to erythromycin, and contains a desosamine amino sugar and an oleandrose sugar. It targets the 50S ribosomal subunit to prevent protein synthesis.
ARO:3000868	[streptothricin resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to streptothricins.
ARO:3000869	[streptothricin acetyltransferase (sat)] AcetylCoA dependent acetyltransferase that acetylate streptothricins such as nourseothricin at position 16 (beta position of beta-lysine).
ARO:3000870	[triclosan] Triclosan is a common antibacterial agent added to many consumer products as a biocide.  It is an inhibitor of fatty acid biosynthesis by blocking enoyl-carrier protein reductase (FabI).
ARO:3000871	[fatty acid synthesis enzyme targeted by antibiotic] Antibiotics can target bacteria-specific fatty acid biosynthesis enzymes.
ARO:3000872	[fabI] FabI is an enoyl reductase enzyme that synthesizes type II fatty acids.
ARO:3000873	[TEM-1] TEM-1 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in many Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000874	[TEM-2] TEM-2 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase.
ARO:3000875	[TEM-3] TEM-3 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000876	[TEM-4] TEM-4 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000877	[TEM-5] TEM-5 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000878	[TEM-6] TEM-6 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000879	[TEM-7] TEM-7 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000880	[TEM-8] TEM-8 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000881	[TEM-9] TEM-9 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000882	[TEM-10] TEM-10 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase round in Morganella morganii.
ARO:3000883	[TEM-11] TEM-11 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis.
ARO:3000884	[TEM-12] TEM-12 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca.
ARO:3000885	[TEM-13] TEM-13 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000886	[TEM-15] TEM-15 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in Haemophilus parainfluenzae.
ARO:3000887	[TEM-16] TEM-16 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000888	[TEM-17] TEM-17 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Capnocytophaga ochracea.
ARO:3000889	[TEM-18] TEM-18 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000890	[TEM-19] TEM-19 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000891	[TEM-20] TEM-20 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in several species of Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000892	[TEM-21] TEM-21 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in many species of Gram-negative bacteria.
ARO:3000893	[TEM-22] TEM-22 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000894	[TEM-24] TEM-24 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000895	[TEM-25] TEM-25 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000896	[TEM-26] TEM-26 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000897	[TEM-27] TEM-27 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000898	[TEM-28] TEM-28 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000899	[TEM-29] TEM-29 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000900	[TEM-30] TEM-30 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000901	[TEM-31] TEM-31 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000902	[TEM-32] TEM-32 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000903	[TEM-33] TEM-33 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000904	[TEM-34] TEM-34 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000905	[TEM-35] TEM-35 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000906	[TEM-36] TEM-36 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000907	[TEM-37] TEM-37 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000908	[TEM-38] TEM-38 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000909	[TEM-39] TEM-39 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000910	[TEM-40] TEM-40 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000911	[TEM-42] TEM-42 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000912	[TEM-43] TEM-43 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000913	[TEM-44] TEM-44 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000914	[TEM-45] TEM-45 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000915	[TEM-46] TEM-46 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000916	[TEM-47] TEM-47 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000917	[TEM-48] TEM-48 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000918	[TEM-49] TEM-49 extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000919	[TEM-50] TEM-50 is an inhibitor-resistant, extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000920	[TEM-51] TEM-51 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000921	[TEM-52] TEM-52 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae and Salmonella enterica.
ARO:3000922	[TEM-53] TEM-53 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000923	[TEM-54] TEM-54 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000924	[TEM-55] TEM-55 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000925	[TEM-56] TEM-56 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000926	[TEM-57] TEM-57 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000927	[TEM-58] TEM-58 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000928	[TEM-59] TEM-59 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000929	[TEM-60] TEM-60 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000930	[TEM-61] TEM-61 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000931	[TEM-63] TEM-63 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000932	[TEM-65] TEM-65 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000933	[TEM-66] TEM-66 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000934	[TEM-67] TEM-67 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis.
ARO:3000935	[TEM-68] TEM-68 is an inhibitor resistant, extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000936	[TEM-70] TEM-70 is a beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000937	[TEM-71] TEM-71 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000938	[TEM-72] TEM-72 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis and Morganella morganii.
ARO:3000939	[TEM-73] TEM-73 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000940	[TEM-74] TEM-74 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000941	[TEM-75] TEM-75 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000942	[TEM-76] TEM-76 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000943	[TEM-77] TEM-77 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in E. coli and Proteus mirabilis.
ARO:3000944	[TEM-78] TEM-78 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000946	[TEM-79] TEM-79 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000947	[TEM-80] TEM-80 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter cloacae.
ARO:3000948	[TEM-81] TEM-81 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000949	[TEM-82] TEM-82 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000950	[TEM-83] TEM-83 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000951	[TEM-84] TEM-84 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000952	[TEM-85] TEM-85 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000953	[TEM-86] TEM-86 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000954	[TEM-87] TEM-87 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis.
ARO:3000955	[TEM-88] TEM-88 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000956	[TEM-89] TEM-89 is an inhibitor-resistant, extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000957	[TEM-90] TEM-90 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000958	[TEM-91] TEM-91 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000959	[TEM-92] TEM-92 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis.
ARO:3000960	[TEM-93] TEM-93 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000961	[TEM-94] TEM-94 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000962	[TEM-95] TEM-93 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000963	[TEM-96] TEM-96 is a beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000964	[TEM-101] TEM-101 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000965	[TEM-102] TEM-102 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000966	[TEM-103] TEM-103 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in E. coli.
ARO:3000967	[TEM-104] TEM-104 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000968	[TEM-105] TEM-105 is a beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000969	[TEM-106] TEM-106 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000970	[TEM-107] TEM-107 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000971	[TEM-108] TEM-108 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000972	[TEM-109] TEM-109 is an inhibitor-resistant, extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000973	[TEM-110] TEM-110 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000974	[TEM-111] TEM-111 is a beta-lactamase found in E. coli and P. mirabilis
ARO:3000975	[TEM-112] TEM-112 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000976	[TEM-113] TEM-113 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis.
ARO:3000977	[TEM-114] TEM-114 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter aerogenes.
ARO:3000978	[TEM-115] TEM-115 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000979	[TEM-116] TEM-116 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in many species of bacteria.
ARO:3000980	[TEM-117] TEM-117 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000981	[TEM-118] TEM-118 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3000982	[TEM-120] TEM-120 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca.
ARO:3000983	[TEM-121] TEM-121 is an inhibitor-resistant, extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli and Enterobacter aerogenes.
ARO:3000984	[TEM-122] TEM-122 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000985	[TEM-123] TEM-123 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis.
ARO:3000986	[TEM-124] TEM-124 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Morganella morganii.
ARO:3000987	[TEM-125] TEM-125 is a CMT-type, inhibitor-resistant, extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000988	[TEM-126] TEM-126 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000989	[TEM-127] TEM-127 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000990	[TEM-128] TEM-128 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3000993	[TEM-129] TEM-129 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca.
ARO:3000994	[TEM-130] TEM-130 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000995	[TEM-131] TEM-131 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Salmonella enterica.
ARO:3000996	[TEM-132] TEM-132 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli and Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000997	[TEM-133] TEM-133 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3000998	[TEM-134] TEM-134 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Citrobacter koseri.
ARO:3000999	[TEM-135] TEM-135 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Salmonella enterica.
ARO:3001000	[TEM-136] TEM-136 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001001	[TEM-137] TEM-137 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Shigella sonnei.
ARO:3001002	[TEM-138] TEM-138 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Salmonella enterica.
ARO:3001003	[TEM-139] TEM-139 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001004	[TEM-141] TEM-141 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter cloacae.
ARO:3001005	[TEM-142] TEM-142 is an beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001006	[TEM-143] TEM-143 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001007	[TEM-144] TEM-144 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Salmonella enterica.
ARO:3001012	[TEM-145] TEM-145 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001013	[TEM-146] TEM-146 is a beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001014	[TEM-147] TEM-147 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
ARO:3001015	[TEM-148] TEM-148 is a TEM beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001016	[TEM-149] TEM-149 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter aerogenes.
ARO:3001017	[TEM-150] TEM-150 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter spp., E. coli, and Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001018	[TEM-151] TEM-151 is a CMT-type, inhibitor-resistant, extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001019	[TEM-152] TEM-152 is a CMT-type, inhibitor-resistant, extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001020	[TEM-154] TEM-154 is a CMT-type, inhibitor-resistant, extended-spectrum beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001021	[TEM-155] TEM-155 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001022	[TEM-156] TEM-156 is a TEM beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001023	[TEM-157] TEM-157 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter cloacae.
ARO:3001024	[TEM-158] TEM-158 is an inhibitor-resistant, extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001025	[TEM-159] TEM-159 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis.
ARO:3001026	[TEM-160] TEM-160 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis.
ARO:3001027	[TEM-161] TEM-161 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001028	[TEM-162] TEM-162 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter haemolyticus.
ARO:3001029	[TEM-163] TEM-163 is an inhibitor resistant beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001030	[TEM-164] TEM-164 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001031	[TEM-165] TEM-165 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001032	[TEM-166] TEM-166 is a beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001033	[TEM-167] TEM-167 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001034	[TEM-168] TEM-168 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001035	[TEM-169] TEM-169 is an extended spectrum beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001036	[TEM-170] TEM-170 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001037	[TEM-171] TEM-171 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001038	[TEM-172] TEM-172 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001039	[TEM-173] TEM-173 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001040	[TEM-174] TEM-174 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001041	[TEM-176] TEM-176 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001042	[TEM-177] TEM-177 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001043	[TEM-178] TEM-178 is an inhibitor-resistant, extended-spectrum beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001044	[TEM-181] TEM-181 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001045	[TEM-183] TEM-183 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001046	[TEM-186] TEM-186 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001047	[TEM-187] TEM-187 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in P. mirabilis
ARO:3001048	[TEM-188] TEM-188 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001049	[TEM-189] TEM-189 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001050	[TEM-190] TEM-190 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001051	[TEM-191] TEM-191 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001052	[TEM-192] TEM-192 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001053	[TEM-193] TEM-193 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001054	[TEM-194] TEM-194 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001055	[TEM-195] TEM-195 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001056	[TEM-197] TEM-197 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001057	[TEM-198] TEM-198 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001058	[TEM-199] TEM-199 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001059	[SHV-1] SHV-1 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella spp., as well as Acinetobacter spp., E. coli., Raoultella terrigena, and Yersinia pestis.
ARO:3001060	[SHV-2] SHV-2 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli., Klebsiella pneumoniae, and Shigella flexneri.
ARO:3001061	[SHV-2A] SHV-2A is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter cloacae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Salmonella enterica.
ARO:3001062	[SHV-3] SHV-3 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001063	[SHV-4] SHV-4 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001064	[SHV-5] SHV-5 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii, Enterobacter cloacae, E. coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Salmonella enterica.
ARO:3001065	[SHV-6] SHV-6 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001066	[SHV-7] SHV-7 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001067	[SHV-8] SHV-8 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001068	[SHV-9] SHV-9 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001069	[SHV-10] SHV-10 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001070	[SHV-11] SHV-11 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, and Shigella dysenteriae.
ARO:3001071	[SHV-12] SHV-12 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii.
ARO:3001072	[SHV-13] SHV-13 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001073	[SHV-14] SHV-14 is an broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001074	[SHV-15] SHV-15 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001075	[SHV-16] SHV-16 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates. It differs from SHV-1 by a 163DRWET167 insertion.
ARO:3001076	[SHV-18] SHV-18 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii and Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001077	[SHV-19] SHV-19 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001078	[SHV-20] SHV-20 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001079	[SHV-21] SHV-21 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001080	[SHV-22] SHV-22 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001081	[SHV-23] SHV-23 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001082	[SHV-24] SHV-24 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001083	[SHV-25] SHV-25 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001084	[SHV-26] SHV-26 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001085	[SHV-27] SHV-27 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001086	[SHV-28] SHV-28 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001087	[SHV-29] SHV-29 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001088	[SHV-30] SHV-30 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter cloacae.
ARO:3001089	[SHV-31] SHV-31 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001090	[SHV-32] SHV-32 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001091	[SHV-33] SHV-33 is an broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001092	[SHV-34] SHV-34 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001093	[SHV-35] SHV-35 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001094	[SHV-36] SHV-36 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001095	[SHV-37] SHV-37 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001096	[SHV-38] SHV-38 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001097	[SHV-39] SHV-39 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001098	[SHV-40] SHV-40 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001099	[SHV-41] SHV-41 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001100	[SHV-42] SHV-42 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001101	[SHV-43] SHV-43 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001102	[SHV-44] SHV-44 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001103	[SHV-45] SHV-45 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001104	[SHV-46] SHV-46 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca.
ARO:3001105	[SHV-48] SHV-48 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001106	[SHV-49] SHV-49 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001107	[SHV-50] SHV-50 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001108	[SHV-51] SHV-51 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001109	[SHV-52] SHV-52 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001110	[SHV-53] SHV-53 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001111	[SHV-55] SHV-55 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001112	[SHV-56] SHV-56 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001113	[SHV-57] SHV-57 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001114	[SHV-59] SHV-59 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001115	[SHV-60] SHV-60 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001116	[SHV-61] SHV-61 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001117	[SHV-62] SHV-62 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001118	[SHV-63] SHV-63 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001119	[SHV-64] SHV-64 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001120	[SHV-65] SHV-65 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001121	[SHV-66] SHV-66 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001122	[SHV-67] SHV-67 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001123	[SHV-69] SHV-69 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001124	[SHV-70] SHV-70 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter cloacae.
ARO:3001125	[SHV-71] SHV-71 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae and Shigella.
ARO:3001126	[SHV-72] SHV-72 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001127	[SHV-73] SHV-73 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001128	[SHV-74] SHV-74 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001129	[SHV-75] SHV-75 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase that is found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001130	[SHV-76] SHV-76 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001131	[SHV-77] SHV-77 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae and E. coli.
ARO:3001132	[SHV-78] SHV-78 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001133	[SHV-79] SHV-79 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001134	[SHV-80] SHV-80 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001135	[SHV-81] SHV-81 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001136	[SHV-82] SHV-82 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001137	[SHV-83] SHV-83 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001138	[SHV-84] SHV-84 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001139	[SHV-85] SHV-85 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001140	[SHV-86] SHV-86 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001141	[SHV-89] SHV-89 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001142	[SHV-90] SHV-90 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001143	[SHV-91] SHV-91 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001144	[SHV-92] SHV-92 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001145	[SHV-93] SHV-93 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001146	[SHV-94] SHV-94 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001147	[SHV-95] SHV-95 is a beta-lactamase found in Citrobacter freundii.
ARO:3001148	[SHV-96] SHV-96 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii.
ARO:3001149	[SHV-97] SHV-97 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterococcus faecalis.
ARO:3001150	[SHV-101] SHV-101 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001151	[SHV-102] SHV-102 is an extended spectrum beta-lactamase found in E. coli.
ARO:3001152	[SHV-103] SHV-103 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001153	[SHV-104] SHV-104 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001154	[SHV-105] SHV-105 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001155	[SHV-106] SHV-106 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001156	[SHV-107] SHV-107 is an inhibitor-resistant beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001157	[SHV-108] SHV-108 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001158	[SHV-109] SHV-109 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001159	[SHV-110] SHV-110 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001160	[SHV-111] SHV-111 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001161	[SHV-112] SHV-112 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001162	[SHV-113] SHV-113 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001163	[SHV-114] SHV-114 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001164	[SHV-115] SHV-115 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001165	[SHV-116] SHV-116 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001166	[SHV-117] SHV-117 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001167	[SHV-120] SHV-120 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001168	[SHV-121] SHV-121 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates. Identical to SHV-136.
ARO:3001169	[SHV-122] SHV-122 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001170	[SHV-123] SHV-123 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001171	[SHV-124] SHV-124 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001172	[SHV-125] SHV-125 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001173	[SHV-126] SHV-126 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001174	[SHV-127] SHV-127 is a beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001175	[SHV-128] SHV-128 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001176	[SHV-129] SHV-129 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase that has been found in clinical isolates.
ARO:3001177	[SHV-133] SHV-133 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001178	[SHV-134] SHV-134 is an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001179	[SHV-135] SHV-135 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001180	[unused cvterm 37560] Definition needed.
ARO:3001181	[SHV-137] SHV-137 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001182	[SHV-140] SHV-140 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001183	[SHV-141] SHV-141 is a broad-spectrum beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001184	[SHV-142] SHV-142 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001185	[SHV-145] SHV-145 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001186	[SHV-147] SHV-147 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001187	[SHV-148] SHV-148 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001188	[SHV-149] SHV-149 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001189	[SHV-150] SHV-150 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001190	[SHV-151] SHV-151 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001191	[SHV-152] SHV-152 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001192	[SHV-153] SHV-153 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001193	[SHV-154] SHV-154 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001194	[SHV-155] SHV-155 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001195	[SHV-156] SHV-156 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001196	[SHV-157] SHV-157 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001197	[SHV-158] SHV-158 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001198	[SHV-159] SHV-159 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001199	[SHV-160] SHV-160 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001200	[SHV-161] SHV-161 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001201	[SHV-162] SHV-162 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001202	[SHV-163] SHV-163 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001203	[SHV-165] SHV-165 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001204	[SHV-167] SHV-167 is a beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001205	[bleomycin resistance protein (BRP)] A diverse set of acidic proteins that are able to complex bleomycin and thus prevent bleomycin-induced DNA cleavage.
ARO:3001206	[antibiotic inactivation by sequestration] Inactivation of an antibiotic by formation of a complex, preventing interaction of the antibiotic with its target.
ARO:3001207	[gene involved in antibiotic sequestration] A gene whose product inactivates an antibiotic by formation of a complex, preventing interaction of the antibiotic with its target.
ARO:3001208	[methicillin resistant PBP2] In methicillin sensitive S. aureus (MSSA), beta-lactams bind to native penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) and disrupt synthesis of the cell membrane's peptidoglycan layer. In methicillin resistant S. aureus (MRSA), foreign PBP2a acquired by lateral gene transfer is able to perform peptidoglycan synthesis in the presence of beta-lactams.
ARO:3001209	[mecC] A foreign PBP2a acquired by lateral gene transfer that able to perform peptidoglycan synthesis in the presence of beta-lactams.
ARO:3001210	[unused cvterm 37609] Definition needed.
ARO:3001211	[unused cvterm 37610] Definition needed.
ARO:3001212	[unused cvterm 37611] Definition needed.
ARO:3001213	[chloramphenicol resistance efflux pump] Chloramphenicol exporters mediate resistance by transporting chloramphenicol out of the cell. Chloramphenicol exporters also mediate resistance to florfenicol
ARO:3001214	[mdtM] Multidrug resistance protein MdtM
ARO:3001215	[mdtL] Multidrug resistance protein MdtL
ARO:3001216	[mdtH] Multidrug resistance protein MdtH
ARO:3001217	[trimethoprim resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to trimethoprim
ARO:3001218	[trimethoprim resistant dihydrofolate reductase dfr] Alternative dihydropteroate synthase dfr present on plasmids produces alternate proteins that are less sensitive to trimethoprim from inhibiting its role in folate synthesis, thus conferring trimethoprim resistance.
ARO:3001219	[elfamycin] Elfamycins are molecules that inhibit bacterial elongation factor Tu (EF-Tu), a key protein which brings aminoacyl-tRNA (aa-tRNA) to the ribosome during protein synthesis. Elfamycins defined by their target (EF-Tu), rather than a conserved chemical backbone. Elfamycins follow two mechanisms to disrupt protein synthesis: kirromycins and enacyloxin fix EF-Tu in the GTP bound conformation and lock EF-Tu onto the ribosome; pulvomycin and GE2270 cover the binding site of aa-tRNA disallowing EF-Tu from being charged with aa-tRNA. All elfamycins cause increased the affinity of EF-Tu for GTP.
ARO:3001220	[factumycin] Factumycin is a kirromycin-like antibiotic produced by Kitasatospora setae and Streptomyces strains. Its biosynthetic cluster has been characterized which has interesting acetyl transferase domains in trans, or outside of the polyketide synthase domains. Factumycin has specific, rather than broad spectrum,  antibacterial properties, especially targeting various Acinetobacter baumanii strains.
ARO:3001221	[josamycin] A macrolide antibiotic from Streptomyces narbonensis subsp. josamyceticus. The drug has antimicrobial activity against a wide spectrum of pathogens.
ARO:3001222	[chalcomycin] Produced by Streptomyces bikiniensis
ARO:3001223	[midecamycin] Produced by Streptomyces mycarofaciens.
ARO:3001224	[mycinamicin] Produced by Micromonospora griseorubida.
ARO:3001225	[megalomycin] Produced by Micromonospora megalomicia.
ARO:3001226	[narbomycin] Produced by Streptomyces narbonensis.
ARO:3001227	[kitasamycin] Produced by Streptoverticillium kitasatoense.
ARO:3001228	[carbomycin] Produced by Streptomyces halstedii and Streptomyces thermotolerans.
ARO:3001229	[rosaramicin] Produced by Micromonospora rosaria.
ARO:3001230	[niddamycin] Produced by Streptomyces caelestis.
ARO:3001231	[celesticetin] Produced by Streptomyces caelestis, which also produces the macrolide niddamycin.
ARO:3001232	[methymycin] Produced by Streptomyces venezuelae ATCC 15439.
ARO:3001233	[pikromycin] Produced by Streptomyces venezuelae ATCC 15439.
ARO:3001234	[kirromycin] Kirromycin, also known as mocimycin, is the representative molecule of its own class of elfamycins which is composed of more than 10 analogs. Kirromycin binds to the domain 1,2 interface of elongation factor Tu. This interaction maintains the EF-Tu*GTP conformation even after GTP is hydrolyzed to GDP. EF-Tu*GDP normally releases aa-tRNA and then exits the ribosome; however, kirromycin*EF-Tu*GDP*aa-tRNA forms a strong complex and remains bound to the ribosome, prohibits translocation of the peptide chain and translation is halted.
ARO:3001235	[aurodox] Aurodox is an elongation factor Tu inhibiting antibiotic. It was first referred to as X-5108. It is produced by Streptomyces goldiniensis var. goldiniensis and is active primarily against gram-positive bacteria.
ARO:3001236	[efrotomycin] Efrotomycin is produced by Streptomyces lactamodurans NRRL 3802. This kirromycin-like antibiotic is used in animal agriculture, especially in the production of swine. Generally gram negative bacteria are susceptible to efrotomycin, while gram positive bacteria are resistant.
ARO:3001237	[GE2270A] GE2270A is the model molecule of cyclic thiazolyl peptide elfamycins. \nGE2270A is produced by Planobispora rosea. Biosynthesis of the molecule has been shown to originate as a ribosomally synthesized peptide that undergoes significant post-translational modification. Clinical use of cyclic thiazolyl peptides is hindered by their low water solubility and bioavailability.
ARO:3001238	[unused cvterm 37637] Definition needed.
ARO:3001242	[enacyloxin IIa] Enacyloxin IIa is structurally distinct but acts in a similar mechanism to kirromycin-like elfamycins. It prohibits the transfer of the amino acid at the A site to the elongating peptide chain. It is most likely that the mechanism of action is that EF-Tu*GDP is locked in the EF-Tu*GTP form, and EF-Tu*GDP*aa-tRNA is immobilized on the ribosome. It is an open question whether enacyloxin IIa actually belongs to the kirromycin-like group of elfamycins due to their high similarity.
ARO:3001246	[kirrothricin] Kirrothricin is produced by Streptomyces cinnamoneus and is structurally related to kirromycin, aurodox, heneicomycin and shares a similar spectrum of antibacterial activity.
ARO:3001247	[azdimycin] Azdimycin is produced by Streptomyces diastatochromogenes ATCC 31013.
ARO:3001248	[dihydromocimycin] Dihydromocimycin is produced by Streptomyces ramocissimus CBS190.69.
ARO:3001249	[phenelfamycin A] Phenelfamycin A was isolated from two environmental isolates called AB999F-80 and AB1047T-33. They were both identified as Streptomyces violaceoniger strains. Both these strains were found to produce phenelfamycins A-F and unphenelfamycin. Phenelfamycin A has a monosaccaride moeity and is isomeric with phenelfamycin B. All phenelfamycins were selected due to their activity against anaerobic bacteria, especially Clostridium difficile.
ARO:3001250	[phenelfamycin B] Phenelfamycin B was isolated from two environmental isolates called AB999F-80 and AB1047T-33. They were both identified as Streptomyces violaceoniger strains. Both these strains were found to produce phenelfamycins A-F and unphenelfamycin. Phenelfamycin B has a monosaccaride moeity and is isomeric with phenelfamycin A. All phenelfamycins were selected due to their activity against anaerobic bacteria, especially Clostridium difficile.
ARO:3001251	[phenelfamycin C] Phenelfamycin C was isolated from two environmental isolates called AB999F-80 and AB1047T-33. They were both identified as Streptomyces violaceoniger strains. Both these strains were found to produce phenelfamycins A-F and unphenelfamycin. Phenelfamycin C has a disaccaride moeity and is isomeric with phenelfamycin D. All phenelfamycins were selected due to their activity against anaerobic bacteria, especially Clostridium difficile.
ARO:3001252	[phenelfamycin D] Phenelfamycin D was isolated from two environmental isolates called AB999F-80 and AB1047T-33. They were both identified as Streptomyces violaceoniger strains. Both these strains were found to produce phenelfamycins A-F and unphenelfamycin. Phenelfamycin D has a disaccaride moeity and is isomeric with phenelfamycin C. All phenelfamycins were selected due to their activity against anaerobic bacteria, especially Clostridium difficile.
ARO:3001253	[phenelfamycin E] Phenelfamycin E was isolated from two environmental isolates called AB999F-80 and AB1047T-33. They were both identified as Streptomyces violaceoniger strains. Both these strains were found to produce phenelfamycins A-F and unphenelfamycin. Phenelfamycin E has a trisaccaride moeity and is isomeric with phenelfamycin F. All phenelfamycins were selected due to their activity against anaerobic bacteria, especially Clostridium difficile. Phenelfamycin E and F are the most potent of the phenelfamycins.
ARO:3001256	[phenelfamycin F] Phenelfamycin F was isolated from two environmental isolates called AB999F-80 and AB1047T-33. They were both identified as Streptomyces violaceoniger strains. Both these strains were found to produce phenelfamycins A-F and unphenelfamycin. Phenelfamycin F has a trisaccaride moeity and is isomeric with phenelfamycin E. All phenelfamycins were selected due to their activity against anaerobic bacteria, especially Clostridium difficile. Phenelfamycin E and F are the most potent of the phenelfamycins.
ARO:3001257	[unphenelfamycin] Unphenelfamycin was isolated from two environmental isolates called AB999F-80 and AB1047T-33. They were both identified as Streptomyces violaceoniger strains. Both these strains were found to produce phenelfamycins A-F and unphenelfamycin. Unphenelfamycin has a monosaccaride moeity and lacks the  phenacetyl moeity present in the other phenelfamycins. All phenelfamycins were selected due to their activity against anaerobic bacteria, especially Clostridium difficile.
ARO:3001258	[L-681,217] L-681217 is a kirromycin-like antibiotic produced by Streptomyces cattleya. Its biosynthetic gene cluster is characterized.
ARO:3001259	[GE37468] GE37468 is a thiazolyl peptide produced by Streptomyces ATCC 55365. GE37468 is produced by post-transcription modification of a ribosomally synthesized preprotein, of which the biosynthetic gene cluster has been elucidated.
ARO:3001260	[amythiamicin A] Amythiamicin A is a cyclic thiazolyl peptide antibiotic with a structure similar to GE2270A. Amythiamicin B, C, and D also exist, but are not discussed further here. Amythiamicin A was shown to have the highest activity in cell free protein synthesis assays.
ARO:3001264	[heneicomycin] Heneicomycin is a kirromycin-like antibiotic, isolated from Streptomyces filipinensis. It is structurally related to kirromycin, aurodox and efrotomycin.
ARO:3001265	[Erm(30)] Erm(30) confers a MLSb resistant phenotype. Along with erm(31), these genes are responsible for self-resistance in the pikromycin/narbomycin/methymycin/neomethymycin producer, Streptomyces venezuelae.
ARO:3001293	[desR] B-Glycosidase involved in Streptomyces venezuelae self-resistance. This organism produces pikromycin/narbomycin/methymycin/neomethymycin which are inactivated by a glucosyltransferase inside the cell. DesR is a secreted enzyme that re-activates the antibiotic by removing the glucose once it is pumped out of the cell.
ARO:3001294	[verdamicin] A gentamicin-group aminoglycoside isolated from Micromonospora.
ARO:3001295	[vertilimicin] A semisynthetic genamicin-group aminoglycoside, derived from verdamicin.
ARO:3001296	[kasugamicin] An unusual aminoglycoside because the cyclitol ring is not amino substituted; it was discovered as a fermentation product of Streptomyces kasugaensis.
ARO:3001297	[oleR] B-Glycosidase involved in Streptomyces antibioticus self-resistance. This organism produces oleandomycin which is inactivated by glucosyltransferase (OleI or OleD) inside the cell. OleR is a secreted enzyme that re-activates the antibiotic by removing the glucose once it is pumped out of the cell.
ARO:3001298	[non-erm 23S ribosomal RNA methyltransferase (G748)] Non-erm 23S ribosomal RNA methyltransferases modify guanosine 748 (E. coli numbering) to confer resistance to some macrolides and lincosamides,
ARO:3001299	[tlrB] TlrB is a methyltransferase found in Streptomyces fradiae and confers resistance to mycinamicin, tylosin and lincosamides. Specifically, this enzyme adds a methyl group to guanosine 748 (E. coli numbering). TlrB is found in the tylosin biosynthetic cluster and is one mechanism by which S. fradiae protects itself from self-destruction when producing this macrolide.
ARO:3001300	[myrA] myrA is a methyltransferase found in Micromonospora griseorubida and confers resistance to mycinamicin, tylosin and lincosamides. Specifically, this enzyme adds a methyl group to guanosine 748 (E. coli numbering) of 23S ribosomal RNA. MyrA is found in the mycinamicin biosynthetic cluster and is one mechanism by which M. griseorubida protects itself from self-destruction when producing this macrolide.
ARO:3001301	[RlmA(II)] RlmA(II) is a methyltransferase found in Streptococcus pneumoniae and confers resistance to mycinamicin, tylosin and lincosamides. Specifically, this enzyme adds a methyl group to guanosine 748 (E. coli numbering) of 23S ribosomal RNA.
ARO:3001302	[chrB] ChrB is a methyltransferase found in Streptomyces bikiniensis and confers resistance to chalcomycin, mycinamicin, tylosin and lincosamides. Specifically, this enzyme adds a methyl group to guanosine 748 (E. coli numbering). chrB is found in the chalcomycin biosynthetic cluster and is responsible for self-resistance in S. bikiniensis.
ARO:3001303	[ErmO] ErmO is a methyltransferase found in the spiramycin producer Streptomyces ambofaciens. Like other Erm enzymes, it catalyzes the methylation of A2058 of the 23S ribosomal RNA. Specifically, this enzyme transfers only one methyl group. The gene is responsible for self-resistance to spiramycin.
ARO:3001304	[ErmS] ErmS is a methyltransferase found in the tylosin producer Streptomyces fradiae. Like other Erm enzymes, it catalyzes the methylation of A2058 of the 23S ribosomal RNA. Specifically, this enzyme transfers two methyl groups. The gene is found within the tylosin biosynthetic cluster and is responsible for self-resistance
ARO:3001305	[ErmU] ErmU is a methyltransferase found in the lincomycin producer Streptomyces lincolnensis. Like other Erm enzymes, it catalyzes the methylation of A2058 of the 23S ribosomal RNA. Specifically, this enzyme transfers only one methyl group. The gene is found in the lincomycin biosynthetic cluster and is responsible for self-resistance.
ARO:3001306	[ErmW] ErmW is a methyltransferase found in the mycinamicin producer Micromonospora griseorubida. Like other Erm enzymes, it catalyzes the methylation of A2058 of the 23S ribosomal RNA. The gene is found within the mycinamicin biosynthetic cluster and is responsible for self-resistance.
ARO:3001307	[VgbA] VgbA inactivates streptogramin B type antibiotics by cleaving the ester bond using an elimination mechanism.
ARO:3001308	[VgbB] VgbB inactivates streptogramin B type antibiotics by cleaving the ester bond through an elimination mechanism.
ARO:3001309	[cyclic thiazolyl peptide elfamycin] Cyclic thiazolyl peptide elfamycins inhibit protein synthesis by preventing the formation of the EF-Tu*GTP-aa-tRNA ternary complex, a mechanism similar to that of pulvomycin. There are non-elfamycin cyclic thiazolyl peptide antibiotics which inhibit protein synthesis by by targeting the 50S ribosomal subunit and are not discussed here further.
ARO:3001310	[kirromycin-like antibiotics] Kirromycin-like antibiotics bind to the domain 1,2 interface of elongation factor Tu. This interaction maintains the EF-Tu*GTP conformation even after GTP is hydrolyzed to GDP. EF-Tu*GDP normally releases aa-tRNA and then exits the ribosome; however, kirromycin*EF-Tu*GDP*aa-tRNA forms a strong complex and remains bound to the ribosome, prohibits translocation of the peptide chain and translation is halted.
ARO:3001311	[elfamycin resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to elfamycin antibiotics.
ARO:3001312	[elfamycin resistant EF-Tu] Sequence variants of elongation factor Tu that confer resistance to elfamycin antibiotics.
ARO:3001313	[facT] Efflux protein facT confers resistance to factumycin. The gene has been heterologously expressed in S. coelicolor and its function was confirmed (Thaker et al. Med. Chem. Commun. 2012, 3: 1020). It is possible that this gene can efflux other kirromycin-like elfamycins, but this has not been tested.
ARO:3001314	[retapamulin] Retapamulin is a semi-synthetic pleuromutilin antibiotic approved for the treatment of skin infections.
ARO:3001315	[valnemulin] Two semi-synthetic pleuromutilin derivatives, tiamulin and valnemulin, have been developed as antibiotics for veterinary use.
ARO:3001316	[azamulin] Azamulin is a semi-synthetic pleuromutilin derivative that failed Stage 1 clinical trials due to poor bioavailability.
ARO:3001317	[pleuromutilin] Pleuromutilin is a natural product antibiotic produced by Clitopilus passeckerianus. Related antibiotics of clinical significance, such as tiamulin and retapamulin, are semi-synthetic derivatives of this compound.
ARO:3001318	[macrocyclic antibiotic] Narrow spectrum macrocyclic antibiotics, in the general sense, is a cyclic molecule containing more than 12 atoms in the macrocyclic lactone ring. 
ARO:3001319	[fidaxomicin ] A narrow spectrum antibiotic effective against Clostridium difficile infection (CDI). It is active against gram positive and gram negative bacteria by inhibiting RNA polymerase's switch region leading to cell death.
ARO:3001320	[SB22484] SB22484 antibiotics are of the same chemical group as kirromycins. SB22484 antibiotics are produced by Streptomyces sp. NRRL 15496. There are two SB22484 isomers with the same UV absorption spectra, but differing molecular masses. These antibiotics are strongly active against Neisseria species, but also show activity against Streptococci, and Haemophilus influenzae.
ARO:3001321	[UK-69,753] UK-69,753 is a glycosylated form of factumycin. The disaccharide moiety of UK-69,753 is virtually identical to that of efrotomycin, another member of this class of antibiotics. UK-69,753 has been shown to have strong in vitro and in vivo activity toward a swine pathogen, Treponema hyodysenteriae.
ARO:3001322	[phenelfamycin G] Phenelfamycin G is produced by Streptomyces albospinus strain Acta 3619. Phenelfamycin G and H are isomeric and similar to phenelfamycin E and F only with the addition of a hydroxyl group at position C-30. Phenelfamycin G and H have a narrow antibacterial spectrum with potent activity against Propionibacterium acnes.
ARO:3001323	[phenelfamycin H] Phenelfamycin H is produced by Streptomyces albospinus strain Acta 3619. Phenelfamycin G and H are isomeric and similar to phenelfamycin E and F only with the addition of a hydroxyl group at position C-30. Phenelfamycin G and H have a narrow antibacterial spectrum with potent activity against Propionibacterium acnes.
ARO:3001324	[unused cvterm 37723] Definition needed.
ARO:3001325	[unused cvterm 37724] Definition needed.
ARO:3001326	[ganefromycin] One of a small group of kirromycin-like elfamycins which lack the pyridone moiety. Ganefromycin is produced by Streptomyces lydicus spp. tanzanius, and was considered for use as a growth promoting antibiotic in agriculture.
ARO:3001327	[mdtK] A multidrug and toxic compound extrusions (MATE) transporter conferring resistance to norfloxacin, doxorubicin and acriflavine.
ARO:3001328	[mdfA] Multidrug translocase MdfA
ARO:3001329	[mdtG] Efflux protien mdtG.
ARO:3001330	[mdtD] Efflux pump mdtD
ARO:3001331	[SHV-54] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001332	[SHV-58] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001333	[SHV-68] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001334	[SHV-87] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001335	[SHV-88] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001336	[SHV-98] SHV-98 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001337	[SHV-99] SHV-99 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001338	[SHV-100] SHV-100 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae. It differs from SHV-1 by a 35SESQLSGRVGMIE36 insertion.
ARO:3001339	[SHV-118] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001340	[SHV-119] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001341	[SHV-132] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001342	[SHV-138] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001343	[SHV-139] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001344	[SHV-143] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001345	[SHV-144] SHV-144 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001346	[SHV-146] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001347	[SHV-164] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001348	[SHV-166] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001349	[SHV-174] SHV-174 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacteriaceae
ARO:3001350	[SHV-180] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001351	[SHV-183] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001352	[SHV-168] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001353	[SHV-169] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001354	[SHV-170] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001355	[SHV-171] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001356	[SHV-172] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001357	[SHV-173] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001358	[SHV-175] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001359	[SHV-176] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001360	[SHV-177] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001361	[SHV-178] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001362	[SHV-179] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001363	[SHV-181] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001364	[SHV-182] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001365	[SHV-184] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001366	[TEM-100] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released
ARO:3001367	[TEM-119] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001368	[TEM-140] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001369	[TEM-153] TEM-153 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacteriaceae.
ARO:3001370	[TEM-175] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001371	[TEM-179] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001372	[TEM-180] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001373	[TEM-182] TEM-182 is a beta-lactamase found in clinical isolates of H. parainfluenzae
ARO:3001374	[TEM-185] TEM-185 is a beta-lactamase found in E. coli
ARO:3001375	[TEM-184] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001376	[TEM-196] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001377	[TEM-200] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001378	[TEM-201] TEM-201 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacteriaceae.
ARO:3001379	[TEM-202] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001380	[TEM-203] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001381	[TEM-204] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001382	[TEM-205] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001383	[TEM-206] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001384	[TEM-207] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001385	[TEM-208] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001386	[TEM-209] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001387	[TEM-210] TEM-210
ARO:3001388	[TEM-211] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001389	[TEM-212] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001390	[TEM-213] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001391	[TEM-214] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001392	[TEM-215] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001393	[TEM-216] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001394	[TEM-217] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.\nIsolated from Enterobacter cloacae 
ARO:3001395	[TEM-218] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3001396	[OXA-1] OXA-1 is a beta-lactamase found in E. coli
ARO:3001397	[OXA-2] OXA-2 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family.
ARO:3001398	[OXA-3] OXA-3 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3001399	[OXA-4] OXA-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacteriaceae and P. aeruginosa
ARO:3001400	[OXA-5] OXA-5 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa and Enterobacteriaceae.
ARO:3001401	[OXA-6] OXA-5 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa and Enterobacteriaceae.
ARO:3001402	[OXA-7] OXA-7 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa and Enterobacteriaceae.
ARO:3001403	[OXA-8] OXA-8 is an uncharacterized beta-lactamase.
ARO:3001404	[OXA-9] OXA-9 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001405	[OXA-10] OXA-10 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii and P. aeruginosa.
ARO:3001406	[OXA-11] OXA-11 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa.
ARO:3001407	[OXA-12] OXA-12 is a beta-lactamase found in Aeromonas jandaei
ARO:3001408	[OXA-13] OXA-13 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa.
ARO:3001409	[OXA-14] OXA-14 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa.
ARO:3001410	[OXA-15] OXA-15 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa.
ARO:3001411	[OXA-16] OXA-16 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa.
ARO:3001412	[OXA-17] OXA-17 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa and Klebsiella pneumoniae.
ARO:3001413	[OXA-18] OXA-18 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa and Rickettsia.
ARO:3001414	[OXA-19] OXA-19 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa.
ARO:3001415	[OXA-20] OXA-20 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3001416	[OXA-21] OXA-21 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001417	[OXA-22] OXA-22 is a beta-lactamase found in Ralstonia pickettii
ARO:3001418	[OXA-23] OXA-23 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001419	[OXA-24] OXA-24 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001420	[OXA-25] OXA-25 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001421	[OXA-26] OXA-26 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001422	[OXA-27] OXA-27 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001423	[OXA-28] OXA-28 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3001424	[OXA-29] OXA-29 is a beta-lactamase found in Legionella gormanii
ARO:3001425	[OXA-31] OXA-31 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3001426	[OXA-32] OXA-32 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3001427	[OXA-33] OXA-33 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001428	[OXA-34] OXA-34 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001429	[OXA-35] OXA-35 is a beta-lactamase found in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3001430	[OXA-36] OXA-36 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001431	[OXA-37] OXA-37 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001432	[OXA-38] OXA-38 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001433	[OXA-39] OXA-39 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001434	[OXA-41] OXA-41 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001435	[OXA-44] OXA-44 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001436	[OXA-52] OXA-52 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001437	[OXA-67] OXA-67 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001438	[OXA-100] OXA-100 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001439	[OXA-101] OXA-101 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001440	[OXA-115] OXA-115 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001441	[OXA-116] OXA-116 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001442	[OXA-117] OXA-117 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001443	[OXA-121] OXA-121 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001444	[OXA-122] OXA-122 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001445	[OXA-123] OXA-123 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001446	[OXA-124] OXA-124 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001447	[OXA-125] OXA-125 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001448	[OXA-126] OXA-126 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001449	[OXA-127] OXA-127 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001450	[OXA-135] OXA-135 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001451	[OXA-139] OXA-139 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001452	[OXA-140] OXA-140 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001453	[OXA-148] OXA-148 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001454	[OXA-149] OXA-149 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001455	[OXA-150] OXA-150 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001456	[OXA-151] OXA-151 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001457	[OXA-152] OXA-152 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001458	[OXA-153] OXA-153 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001459	[OXA-154] OXA-154 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001460	[OXA-155] OXA-155 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001461	[OXA-156] OXA-156 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001462	[OXA-157] OXA-157 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001463	[OXA-158] OXA-158 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001464	[OXA-159] OXA-159 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001465	[OXA-165] OXA-165 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001466	[OXA-166] OXA-166 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001467	[OXA-167] OXA-167 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001468	[OXA-168] OXA-168 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001469	[OXA-169] OXA-169 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001470	[OXA-170] OXA-170 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001471	[OXA-171] OXA-171 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001472	[OXA-178] OXA-178 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001473	[OXA-179] OXA-179 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001474	[OXA-180] OXA-180 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001475	[OXA-183] OXA-183 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001476	[OXA-184] OXA-184 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001477	[OXA-185] OXA-185 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001478	[OXA-193] OXA-193 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001479	[OXA-194] OXA-194 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001480	[OXA-195] OXA-195 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001481	[OXA-196] OXA-196 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001482	[OXA-197] OXA-197 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001483	[OXA-205] OXA-205 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001484	[OXA-206] OXA-206 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001485	[OXA-207] OXA-207 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001486	[OXA-208] OXA-208 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001487	[OXA-210] OXA-210 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001488	[OXA-216] OXA-216 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001489	[OXA-217] OXA-217 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001490	[OXA-220] OXA-220 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001491	[OXA-221] OXA-221 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001492	[OXA-222] OXA-222 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001493	[OXA-225] OXA-225 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001494	[OXA-227] OXA-227 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001495	[OXA-233] OXA-233 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001496	[OXA-234] OXA-234 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001497	[OXA-238] OXA-238 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001498	[OXA-239] OXA-239 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001499	[OXA-240] OXA-240 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001500	[OXA-251] OXA-251 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001501	[OXA-252] OXA-252 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001502	[OXA-256] OXA-256 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001503	[OXA-258] OXA-258 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001504	[OXA-309] OXA-309 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001505	[OXA-310] OXA-310 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001506	[OXA-311] OXA-311 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001507	[OXA-318] OXA-318 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001508	[OXA-319] OXA-319 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001509	[OXA-321] OXA-321 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001510	[OXA-322] OXA-322 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001511	[OXA-323] OXA-323 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001512	[OXA-324] OXA-324 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001513	[OXA-325] OXA-325 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001514	[OXA-326] OXA-326 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001515	[OXA-327] OXA-327 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001516	[OXA-328] OXA-328 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001517	[OXA-329] OXA-329 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001518	[OXA-330] OXA-330 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001519	[OXA-331] OXA-331 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001520	[OXA-332] OXA-332 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001521	[OXA-333] OXA-333 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001522	[OXA-334] OXA-334 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001523	[OXA-335] OXA-335 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001524	[OXA-336] OXA-336 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001525	[OXA-337] OXA-337 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001526	[OXA-338] OXA-338 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001527	[OXA-339] OXA-339 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001528	[OXA-340] OXA-340 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001529	[OXA-341] OXA-341 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001530	[OXA-342] OXA-342 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001531	[OXA-343] OXA-343 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001532	[OXA-344] OXA-344 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001533	[OXA-345] OXA-345 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001534	[OXA-346] OXA-346 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001535	[OXA-348] OXA-348 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001536	[OXA-349] OXA-349 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001537	[OXA-350] OXA-350 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001538	[OXA-351] OXA-351 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001539	[OXA-352] OXA-352 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001540	[OXA-353] OXA-353 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001541	[OXA-354] OXA-354 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001542	[OXA-355] OXA-355 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001543	[OXA-356] OXA-356 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001544	[OXA-357] OXA-357 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001545	[OXA-358] OXA-358 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001546	[OXA-359] OXA-359 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001547	[OXA-360] OXA-360 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001548	[OXA-361] OXA-361 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001549	[OXA-362] OXA-362 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001550	[OXA-363] OXA-363 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001551	[OXA-364] OXA-364 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001552	[OXA-365] OXA-365 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001553	[OXA-366] OXA-366 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001554	[OXA-367] OXA-367 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001555	[OXA-368] OXA-368 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001556	[unused cvterm 37956] Definition needed.
ARO:3001557	[OXA-371] OXA-371 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001558	[OXA-372] OXA-372 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001559	[OXA-373] OXA-373 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001560	[OXA-374] OXA-374 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001561	[OXA-375] OXA-375 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001562	[OXA-376] OXA-376 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001563	[OXA-377] OXA-377 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001564	[OXA-378] OXA-378 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001565	[OXA-379] OXA-379 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001566	[OXA-380] OXA-380 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001567	[OXA-381] OXA-381 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001568	[OXA-382] OXA-382 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001569	[OXA-383] OXA-383 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001570	[OXA-384] OXA-384 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001571	[OXA-385] OXA-385 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001572	[OXA-386] OXA-386 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001573	[OXA-387] OXA-387 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001574	[OXA-388] OXA-388 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001575	[OXA-389] OXA-389 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001576	[OXA-390] OXA-390 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001577	[OXA-391] OXA-391 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001578	[OXA-392] OXA-392 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001579	[OXA-393] OXA-393 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001580	[OXA-394] OXA-394 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001581	[OXA-395] OXA-395 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001582	[OXA-396] OXA-396 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001583	[OXA-397] OXA-397 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001584	[OXA-398] OXA-398 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001585	[OXA-399] OXA-399 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001586	[OXA-400] OXA-400 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001587	[OXA-401] OXA-401 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001588	[OXA-402] OXA-402 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001589	[OXA-403] OXA-403 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001595	[OXA-404] OXA-404 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001596	[OXA-405] OXA-405 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001597	[OXA-406] OXA-406 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001598	[OXA-407] OXA-407 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001599	[OXA-408] OXA-408 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001600	[OXA-409] OXA-409 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001601	[OXA-410] OXA-410 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001602	[OXA-411] OXA-411 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001603	[OXA-412] OXA-412 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001604	[OXA-413] OXA-413 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001605	[OXA-414] OXA-414 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001606	[OXA-415] OXA-415 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases
ARO:3001607	[OXA-416] OXA-416 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001608	[OXA-417] OXA-417 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001609	[OXA-114a] OXA-114a is a beta-lactamase found in Achromobacter xylosoxidans.
ARO:3001610	[OXA-243] OXA-243 is a beta-lactamase found in Achromobacter xylosoxidans.
ARO:3001611	[OXA-58] OXA-58 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001612	[OXA-51] OXA-51 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001613	[OXA-64] OXA-64 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001614	[OXA-65] OXA-65 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001615	[OXA-66] OXA-66 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001616	[OXA-68] OXA-68 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001617	[OXA-69] OXA-69 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001618	[OXA-70] OXA-70 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001619	[OXA-71] OXA-71 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001620	[OXA-75] OXA-75 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001621	[OXA-76] OXA-76 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001622	[OXA-77] OXA-77 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001623	[OXA-83] OXA-83 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001624	[OXA-84] OXA-84 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001625	[OXA-89] OXA-89 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001626	[OXA-88] OXA-88 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001627	[OXA-91] OXA-91 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001628	[OXA-93] OXA-93 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001629	[OXA-94] OXA-94 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001630	[OXA-95] OXA-95 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001631	[OXA-96] OXA-96 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001632	[OXA-92] OXA-92 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001633	[OXA-79] OXA-79 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001634	[OXA-80] OXA-80 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001635	[OXA-82] OXA-82 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001636	[OXA-104] OXA-104 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001637	[OXA-106] OXA-106 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001638	[OXA-107] OXA-107 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001639	[OXA-108] OXA-108 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001640	[OXA-109] OXA-109 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001641	[OXA-110] OXA-110 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001642	[OXA-111] OXA-111 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001643	[OXA-112] OXA-112 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001644	[OXA-113] OXA-113 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001645	[OXA-78] OXA-78 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001646	[OXA-98] OXA-98 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001647	[OXA-97] OXA-97 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001648	[OXA-128] OXA-128 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001649	[OXA-99] OXA-99 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001650	[OXA-90] OXA-90 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001651	[OXA-130] OXA-130 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001652	[OXA-131] OXA-131 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001653	[OXA-132] OXA-132 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001654	[OXA-143] OXA-143 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001655	[OXA-138] OXA-138 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001656	[OXA-172] OXA-172 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001657	[OXA-173] OXA-173 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001658	[OXA-174] OXA-174 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001659	[OXA-175] OXA-175 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001660	[OXA-176] OXA-176 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001661	[OXA-177] OXA-177 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001662	[OXA-164] OXA-164 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001663	[OXA-160] OXA-160 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001664	[OXA-203] OXA-203 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001665	[OXA-200] OXA-200 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001666	[OXA-201] OXA-201 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001667	[OXA-202] OXA-202 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001668	[OXA-219] OXA-219 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001669	[OXA-223] OXA-223 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001670	[OXA-231] OXA-231 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001671	[OXA-49] OXA-49 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001672	[OXA-120] OXA-120 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001673	[OXA-248] OXA-248 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001674	[OXA-249] OXA-249 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001675	[OXA-250] OXA-250 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001676	[OXA-235] OXA-235 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001677	[OXA-236] OXA-236 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001678	[OXA-237] OXA-237 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001679	[OXA-241] OXA-241 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001680	[OXA-242] OXA-242 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001681	[OXA-278] OXA-278 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001682	[OXA-254] OXA-254 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001683	[OXA-312] OXA-312 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001684	[OXA-313] OXA-313 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001685	[OXA-314] OXA-314 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001686	[OXA-315] OXA-315 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001687	[OXA-316] OXA-316 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001688	[OXA-317] OXA-317 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001689	[OXA-253] OXA-253 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001690	[OXA-255] OXA-255 is a beta-lactamase found in A. baumannii
ARO:3001691	[OXA-228] OXA-228 is a beta-lactamase found in A. bereziniae
ARO:3001692	[OXA-229] OXA-229 is a beta-lactamase found in A. bereziniae
ARO:3001693	[OXA-230] OXA-230 is a beta-lactamase found in A. bereziniae
ARO:3001694	[OXA-257] OXA-257 is a beta-lactamase found in A. bereziniae
ARO:3001695	[OXA-134] OXA-134 is a beta-lactamase found in A. lwoffii
ARO:3001696	[OXA-186] OXA-186 is a beta-lactamase found in A. lwoffii
ARO:3001697	[OXA-187] OXA-187 is a beta-lactamase found in A. lwoffii
ARO:3001698	[OXA-188] OXA-188 is a beta-lactamase found in A. lwoffii
ARO:3001699	[OXA-189] OXA-189 is a beta-lactamase found in A. lwoffii
ARO:3001700	[OXA-190] OXA-190 is a beta-lactamase found in A. lwoffii
ARO:3001701	[OXA-191] OXA-191 is a beta-lactamase found in A. lwoffii
ARO:3001702	[OXA-133] OXA-133 is a beta-lactamase found in A. radioresistens
ARO:3001703	[OXA-86] OXA-86 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001704	[OXA-87] OXA-87 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001705	[OXA-72] OXA-72 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001706	[OXA-102] OXA-102 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001707	[OXA-103] OXA-103 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001708	[OXA-105] OXA-105 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001709	[OXA-182] OXA-182 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001710	[OXA-211] OXA-211 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001711	[OXA-212] OXA-212 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001712	[OXA-213] OXA-213 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001713	[OXA-214] OXA-214 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001714	[OXA-215] OXA-215 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001715	[OXA-259] OXA-259 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001716	[OXA-260] OXA-260 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001717	[OXA-261] OXA-261 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001718	[OXA-262] OXA-262 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001719	[OXA-263] OXA-263 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001720	[OXA-264] OXA-264 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001721	[OXA-265] OXA-265 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001722	[OXA-266] OXA-266 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001723	[OXA-267] OXA-267 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001724	[OXA-268] OXA-268 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001725	[OXA-269] OXA-269 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001726	[OXA-270] OXA-270 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001727	[OXA-271] OXA-271 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001728	[OXA-272] OXA-272 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001729	[OXA-273] OXA-273 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001730	[OXA-274] OXA-274 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001731	[OXA-275] OXA-275 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001732	[OXA-276] OXA-276 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001733	[OXA-277] OXA-277 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001734	[OXA-279] OXA-279 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001735	[OXA-280] OXA-280 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001736	[OXA-281] OXA-281 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001737	[OXA-282] OXA-282 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001738	[OXA-283] OXA-283 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001739	[OXA-284] OXA-284 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001740	[OXA-285] OXA-285 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001741	[OXA-286] OXA-286 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001742	[OXA-287] OXA-287 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001743	[OXA-288] OXA-288 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001744	[OXA-289] OXA-289 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001745	[OXA-290] OXA-290 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001746	[OXA-291] OXA-291 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001747	[OXA-292] OXA-292 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001748	[OXA-293] OXA-293 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001749	[OXA-294] OXA-294 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001750	[OXA-295] OXA-295 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001751	[OXA-296] OXA-296 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001752	[OXA-297] OXA-297 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001753	[OXA-298] OXA-298 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001754	[OXA-299] OXA-299 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001755	[OXA-300] OXA-300 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001756	[OXA-301] OXA-301 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001757	[OXA-302] OXA-302 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001758	[OXA-303] OXA-303 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001759	[OXA-304] OXA-304 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001760	[OXA-305] OXA-305 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001761	[OXA-306] OXA-306 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001762	[OXA-307] OXA-307 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001763	[OXA-308] OXA-308 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001764	[OXA-63] OXA-63 is a beta-lactamase found in Brachyspira spp.
ARO:3001765	[OXA-136] OXA-136 is a beta-lactamase found in Brachyspira spp.
ARO:3001766	[OXA-192] OXA-192 is a beta-lactamase found in Brachyspira spp.
ARO:3001767	[OXA-137] OXA-137 is a beta-lactamase found in Brachyspira spp.
ARO:3001768	[OXA-118] OXA-118 is a beta-lactamase found in Burkholderia cepacia
ARO:3001769	[OXA-42] OXA-42 is a beta-lactamase found in Burkholderia pseudomallei
ARO:3001770	[OXA-43] OXA-43 is a beta-lactamase found in Burkholderia pseudomallei
ARO:3001771	[OXA-57] OXA-57 is a beta-lactamase found in Burkholderia pseudomallei
ARO:3001772	[OXA-59] OXA-59 is a beta-lactamase found in Burkholderia pseudomallei
ARO:3001773	[OXA-61] OXA-61 is a beta-lactamase found in Campylobacter jejuni
ARO:3001774	[OXA-370] OXA-370 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter hormaechei
ARO:3001775	[OXA-119] OXA-119 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacteriaceae
ARO:3001776	[OXA-162] OXA-162 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacteriaceae
ARO:3001777	[OXA-347] OXA-347 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacteriaceae
ARO:3001778	[OXA-232] OXA-232 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacteriaceae
ARO:3001779	[OXA-146] OXA-146 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacteriaceae
ARO:3001780	[OXA-85] OXA-85 is a beta-lactamase found in Fusobacterium nucleatum
ARO:3001781	[OXA-47] OXA-47 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001782	[OXA-48] OXA-48 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001783	[OXA-163] OXA-163 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001784	[OXA-181] OXA-181 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001785	[OXA-73] OXA-73 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumonia
ARO:3001786	[OXA-244] OXA-244 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001787	[OXA-245] OXA-245 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001788	[OXA-204] OXA-204 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001791	[OXA-247] OXA-247 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001792	[OXA-62] OXA-62 is a beta-lactamase found in Pandoraea pnomenusa
ARO:3001793	[OXA-320] OXA-320 is a beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3001794	[OXA-45] OXA-45 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3001795	[OXA-56] OXA-56 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3001796	[OXA-50] OXA-50 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3001797	[OXA-46] OXA-46 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3001798	[OXA-74] OXA-74 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3001799	[OXA-161] OXA-161 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3001800	[OXA-226] OXA-226 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3001801	[OXA-147] OXA-147 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3001802	[OXA-141] OXA-141 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3001803	[OXA-142] OXA-142 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3001804	[OXA-145] OXA-145 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3001805	[OXA-198] OXA-198 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3001806	[OXA-224] OXA-224 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3001807	[OXA-246] OXA-246 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3001808	[OXA-60] OXA-60 is a beta-lactamase found in Ralstonia pickettii
ARO:3001809	[OXA-209] OXA-209 is a beta-lactamase found in Riemerella anatipestifer
ARO:3001810	[OXA-53] OXA-53 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3001811	[OXA-129] OXA-129 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3001812	[OXA-54] OXA-54 is a beta-lactamase found in Shewanella spp.
ARO:3001813	[OXA-55] OXA-55 is a beta-lactamase found in Shewanella spp.
ARO:3001814	[OXA-199] OXA-199 is a beta-lactamase found in Shewanella spp.
ARO:3001815	[ACC-1] ACC-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001816	[ACC-2] ACC-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Hafnia alvei
ARO:3001817	[ACC-3] ACC-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Hafnia alvei
ARO:3001818	[ACC-4] ACC-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001819	[ACC-5] ACC-5 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACC beta-lactamases. It is detected among Gram-negative bacteria isolates (Gamma- and Alpha-proteobacteria) from urban water sources.
ARO:3001820	[unused cvterm 38220] Definition needed.
ARO:3001821	[ACT-1] ACT-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001822	[ACT-2] ACT-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001823	[ACT-3] ACT-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001824	[ACT-5] ACT-5 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001825	[ACT-6] ACT-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001826	[ACT-9] ACT-9 is a beta-lactamase found in Pantoea agglomerans
ARO:3001827	[ACT-16] ACT-16 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacteriaceae
ARO:3001828	[ACT-23] ACT-23 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001829	[ACT-4] ACT-4 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001830	[ACT-7] ACT-7 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001831	[ACT-8] ACT-8 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001832	[ACT-10] ACT-10 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001833	[ACT-11] ACT-11 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001834	[ACT-12] ACT-12 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001835	[ACT-13] ACT-13 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001836	[ACT-14] ACT-14 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001837	[ACT-15] ACT-15 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001838	[ACT-17] ACT-17 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001839	[ACT-18] ACT-18 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001840	[ACT-19] ACT-19 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001841	[ACT-20] ACT-20 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001842	[ACT-21] ACT-21 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001843	[ACT-22] ACT-22 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001844	[ACT-24] ACT-24 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001845	[ACT-25] ACT-25 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001846	[unused cvterm 38246] Definition needed.
ARO:3001847	[ACT-27] ACT-27 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001848	[ACT-28] ACT-28 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001849	[ACT-29] ACT-29 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001850	[ACT-30] ACT-30 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001851	[ACT-31] ACT-31 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001852	[ACT-32] ACT-32 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001853	[ACT-33] ACT-33 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001854	[ACT-34] ACT-34 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001855	[ACT-35] ACT-35 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of ACT beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001856	[CFE-1] CFE-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001857	[LAT-1] LAT-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001858	[IMI-1] IMI-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter cloacae
ARO:3001859	[IMI-2] IMI-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacteriaceae
ARO:3001860	[IMI-3] IMI-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacteriaceae
ARO:3001861	[IMI-4] IMI-4 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMI beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001862	[IMI-5] IMI-5 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMI beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001863	[IMI-6] IMI-6 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMI beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001864	[CTX-M-1] CTX-M-1 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001865	[CTX-M-2] CTX-M-2 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001866	[CTX-M-3] CTX-M-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3001867	[CTX-M-4] CTX-M-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella typhimurium
ARO:3001868	[CTX-M-5] CTX-M-5 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella typhimurium
ARO:3001869	[CTX-M-6] CTX-M-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella typhimurium
ARO:3001870	[CTX-M-7] CTX-M-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella typhimurium
ARO:3001871	[CTX-M-8] CTX-M-8 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001872	[CTX-M-9] CTX-M-9 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001873	[CTX-M-10] CTX-M-10 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001874	[CTX-M-11] CTX-M-11 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001875	[CTX-M-12] CTX-M-12 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001876	[CTX-M-13] CTX-M-13 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001877	[CTX-M-14] CTX-M-14 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001878	[CTX-M-15] CTX-M-15 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001879	[CTX-M-16] CTX-M-16 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001880	[CTX-M-17] CTX-M-17 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001881	[CTX-M-19] CTX-M-19 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001882	[CTX-M-20] CTX-M-20 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001883	[CTX-M-21] CTX-M-21 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001884	[CTX-M-22] CTX-M-22 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001885	[CTX-M-23] CTX-M-23 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001886	[CTX-M-24] CTX-M-24 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001887	[CTX-M-25] CTX-M-25 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001888	[CTX-M-26] CTX-M-26 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001889	[CTX-M-27] CTX-M-27 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001890	[CTX-M-28] CTX-M-28 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3001891	[CTX-M-29] CTX-M-29 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001892	[CTX-M-30] CTX-M-30 is a beta-lactamase found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3001893	[CTX-M-31] CTX-M-31 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001894	[CTX-M-32] CTX-M-32 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001895	[CTX-M-33] CTX-M-33 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3001896	[CTX-M-34] CTX-M-34 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001897	[CTX-M-35] CTX-M-35 is a beta-lactamase found in Citrobacter koseri
ARO:3001898	[CTX-M-36] CTX-M-36 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001899	[CTX-M-37] CTX-M-37 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3001900	[CTX-M-38] CTX-M-38 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001901	[CTX-M-39] CTX-M-39 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001902	[CTX-M-40] CTX-M-40 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001903	[CTX-M-41] CTX-M-41 is a beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3001904	[CTX-M-42] CTX-M-42 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001905	[CTX-M-43] CTX-M-43 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3001906	[CTX-M-44] CTX-M-44 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001907	[CTX-M-45] CTX-M-45 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001908	[CTX-M-46] CTX-M-46 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001909	[CTX-M-47] CTX-M-47 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001910	[CTX-M-48] CTX-M-48 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001911	[CTX-M-49] CTX-M-49 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001912	[CTX-M-50] CTX-M-50 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001913	[CTX-M-51] CTX-M-51 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001914	[CTX-M-52] CTX-M-52 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001915	[CTX-M-53] CTX-M-53 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3001916	[CTX-M-54] CTX-M-54 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001917	[CTX-M-55] CTX-M-55 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001918	[CTX-M-56] CTX-M-56 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001919	[CTX-M-58] CTX-M-58 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001920	[CTX-M-59] CTX-M-59 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001921	[CTX-M-60] CTX-M-60 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001922	[CTX-M-61] CTX-M-61 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001923	[CTX-M-62] CTX-M-62 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001924	[CTX-M-63] CTX-M-63 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3001925	[CTX-M-64] CTX-M-64 is a beta-lactamase found in Shigella sonnei
ARO:3001926	[CTX-M-65] CTX-M-65 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001927	[CTX-M-66] CTX-M-66 is a beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3001928	[CTX-M-67] CTX-M-67 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001929	[CTX-M-68] CTX-M-68 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001930	[CTX-M-69] CTX-M-69 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001931	[CTX-M-70] CTX-M-70 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001932	[CTX-M-71] CTX-M-71 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001933	[CTX-M-72] CTX-M-72 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001934	[CTX-M-73] CTX-M-73 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001935	[CTX-M-74] CTX-M-74 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001936	[CTX-M-75] CTX-M-75 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001937	[CTX-M-76] CTX-M-76 is a beta-lactamase found in Kluyvera spp.
ARO:3001938	[CTX-M-77] CTX-M-77 is a beta-lactamase found in Kluyvera spp.
ARO:3001939	[CTX-M-78] CTX-M-78 is a beta-lactamase found in Kluyvera georgiana
ARO:3001940	[CTX-M-79] CTX-M-79 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001941	[CTX-M-80] CTX-M-80 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001942	[CTX-M-81] CTX-M-81 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001943	[CTX-M-82] CTX-M-82 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001944	[CTX-M-83] CTX-M-83 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3001945	[CTX-M-84] CTX-M-84 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3001946	[CTX-M-86] CTX-M-86 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3001947	[CTX-M-87] CTX-M-87 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001948	[CTX-M-88] CTX-M-88 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001949	[CTX-M-89] CTX-M-89 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001950	[CTX-M-90] CTX-M-90 is a beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3001951	[CTX-M-91] CTX-M-91 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001952	[CTX-M-92] CTX-M-92 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001953	[CTX-M-93] CTX-M-93 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001954	[CTX-M-94] CTX-M-94 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001955	[CTX-M-95] CTX-M-95 is a beta-lactamase found in Kluyvera spp.
ARO:3001956	[CTX-M-96] CTX-M-96 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001957	[CTX-M-98] CTX-M-98 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001958	[CTX-M-99] CTX-M-99 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3001959	[CTX-M-100] CTX-M-100 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001960	[CTX-M-101] CTX-M-101 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001961	[CTX-M-102] CTX-M-102 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001962	[CTX-M-103] CTX-M-103 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001963	[CTX-M-104] CTX-M-104 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001965	[CTX-M-105] CTX-M-105 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001966	[CTX-M-106] CTX-M-106 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001967	[CTX-M-107] CTX-M-107 is a beta-lactamase found in Shigella spp.
ARO:3001968	[CTX-M-108] CTX-M-108 is a beta-lactamase found in Shigella spp.
ARO:3001969	[CTX-M-109] CTX-M-109 is a beta-lactamase found in Shigella spp.
ARO:3001970	[CTX-M-110] CTX-M-110 is a beta-lactamase found in Shigella spp.
ARO:3001971	[CTX-M-111] CTX-M-111 is a beta-lactamase found in Shigella spp.
ARO:3001972	[CTX-M-112] CTX-M-112 is a beta-lactamase found in Shigella spp.
ARO:3001973	[CTX-M-113] CTX-M-113 is a beta-lactamase found in Shigella spp.
ARO:3001974	[CTX-M-114] CTX-M-114 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001975	[CTX-M-115] CTX-M-115 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii
ARO:3001976	[CTX-M-116] CTX-M-116 is a beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3001977	[CTX-M-117] CTX-M-117 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001978	[CTX-M-119] CTX-M-119 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001979	[CTX-M-120] CTX-M-120 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001980	[CTX-M-121] CTX-M-121 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001981	[CTX-M-122] CTX-M-122 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001982	[CTX-M-123] CTX-M-123 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001983	[CTX-M-124] CTX-M-124 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001984	[CTX-M-125] CTX-M-125 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001985	[CTX-M-126] CTX-M-126 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001986	[CTX-M-127] CTX-M-127 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001987	[CTX-M-128] CTX-M-128 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001988	[CTX-M-129] CTX-M-129 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001989	[CTX-M-130] CTX-M-130 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001990	[CTX-M-131] CTX-M-131 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001991	[CTX-M-132] CTX-M-132 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001992	[CTX-M-134] CTX-M-134 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001993	[CTX-M-135] CTX-M-135 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3001994	[CTX-M-137] CTX-M-137 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3001995	[CTX-M-136] CTX-M-136 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001996	[CTX-M-138] CTX-M-138 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001997	[CTX-M-139] CTX-M-139 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001998	[CTX-M-140] CTX-M-140 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3001999	[CTX-M-141] CTX-M-141 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002000	[CTX-M-142] CTX-M-142 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002001	[CTX-M-143] CTX-M-143 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002002	[CTX-M-144] CTX-M-144 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002003	[CTX-M-145] CTX-M-145 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002004	[CTX-M-146] CTX-M-146 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002005	[CTX-M-147] CTX-M-147 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002006	[CTX-M-148] CTX-M-148 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002007	[CTX-M-150] CTX-M-150 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002008	[CTX-M-151] CTX-M-151 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002009	[CTX-M-152] CTX-M-152 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002010	[CTX-M-153] CTX-M-153 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002011	[CTX-M-154] CTX-M-154 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CTX-M beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002012	[CMY-1] CMY-1 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002013	[CMY-2] CMY-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002014	[CMY-3] CMY-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3002015	[CMY-4] CMY-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3002016	[CMY-5] CMY-5 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002017	[CMY-6] CMY-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002018	[CMY-7] CMY-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella typhimurium
ARO:3002019	[CMY-8] CMY-8 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002020	[CMY-9] CMY-9 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002021	[CMY-10] CMY-10 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter aerogenes
ARO:3002022	[CMY-11] CMY-11 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002023	[CMY-12] CMY-12 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002024	[CMY-13] CMY-13 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002025	[CMY-14] CMY-14 is a beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3002026	[CMY-15] CMY-15 is a beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3002027	[CMY-16] CMY-16 is a beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3002028	[CMY-17] CMY-17 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002029	[CMY-18] CMY-18 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002030	[CMY-19] CMY-19 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002031	[CMY-20] CMY-20 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002032	[CMY-21] CMY-21 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002033	[CMY-22] CMY-22 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002034	[CMY-23] CMY-23 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002035	[CMY-24] CMY-24 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002036	[CMY-25] CMY-25 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002037	[CMY-26] CMY-26 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002038	[CMY-27] CMY-27 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002039	[CMY-28] CMY-28 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002040	[CMY-29] CMY-29 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002041	[CMY-30] CMY-30 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002042	[CMY-31] CMY-31 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002043	[CMY-32] CMY-32 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002044	[CMY-33] CMY-33 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002045	[CMY-34] CMY-34 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002046	[CMY-35] CMY-35 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002047	[CMY-36] CMY-36 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002048	[CMY-37] CMY-37 is a beta-lactamase found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002049	[CMY-38] CMY-38 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002050	[CMY-39] CMY-39 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002051	[CMY-40] CMY-40 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002052	[CMY-41] CMY-41 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002053	[CMY-42] CMY-42 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002054	[CMY-43] CMY-43 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002055	[CMY-44] CMY-44 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002056	[CMY-45] CMY-45 is a beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3002057	[CMY-46] CMY-46 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002058	[CMY-47] CMY-47 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002059	[CMY-48] CMY-48 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002060	[CMY-49] CMY-49 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002061	[CMY-50] CMY-50 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002062	[CMY-51] CMY-51 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002063	[CMY-52] CMY-52 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002064	[CMY-53] CMY-53 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002065	[CMY-54] CMY-54 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002066	[CMY-55] CMY-55 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002067	[CMY-56] CMY-56 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002068	[CMY-57] CMY-57 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002069	[CMY-59] CMY-59 is a beta-lactamase found in Shigella spp.
ARO:3002070	[CMY-99] CMY-99 is a beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3002071	[CMY-110] CMY-110 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002072	[CMY-58] CMY-58 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002073	[CMY-60] CMY-60 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002074	[CMY-61] CMY-61 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002075	[CMY-62] CMY-62 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002076	[CMY-63] CMY-63 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002077	[CMY-64] CMY-64 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002078	[CMY-65] CMY-65 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002079	[CMY-66] CMY-66 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002080	[CMY-67] CMY-67 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002081	[CMY-68] CMY-68 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002082	[CMY-69] CMY-69 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002083	[CMY-70] CMY-70 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002084	[CMY-71] CMY-71 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002085	[CMY-72] CMY-72 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002086	[CMY-73] CMY-73 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002087	[CMY-74] CMY-74 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002088	[CMY-75] CMY-75 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002089	[CMY-76] CMY-76 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002090	[CMY-77] CMY-77 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002091	[CMY-78] CMY-78 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002092	[CMY-79] CMY-79 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002093	[CMY-80] CMY-80 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002094	[CMY-81] CMY-81 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002095	[CMY-82] CMY-82 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002096	[CMY-83] CMY-83 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002097	[CMY-84] CMY-84 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002098	[CMY-85] CMY-85 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002099	[CMY-86] CMY-86 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002100	[CMY-87] CMY-87 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002101	[CMY-88] CMY-88 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002102	[CMY-89] CMY-89 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002103	[CMY-90] CMY-90 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002104	[CMY-91] CMY-91 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002105	[CMY-92] CMY-92 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002106	[CMY-93] CMY-93 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002107	[CMY-94] CMY-94 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002108	[CMY-95] CMY-95 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002109	[CMY-96] CMY-96 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002110	[CMY-97] CMY-97 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002111	[CMY-98] CMY-98 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002112	[CMY-100] CMY-100 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002113	[CMY-101] CMY-101 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002114	[CMY-102] CMY-102 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002115	[CMY-103] CMY-103 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002116	[CMY-104] CMY-104 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002117	[CMY-105] CMY-105 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002118	[CMY-106] CMY-106 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002119	[CMY-107] CMY-107 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002120	[CMY-108] CMY-108 is a beta-lactamase present in plasmids of clinical Escherichia coli from humans and companion animals in the upper Midwestern USA . From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002121	[CMY-109] CMY-109 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002122	[CMY-111] CMY-111 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002123	[CMY-112] CMY-112 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002124	[CMY-113] CMY-113 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002125	[CMY-114] CMY-114 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002126	[CMY-115] CMY-115 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002127	[CMY-116] CMY-116 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002128	[CMY-117] CMY-117 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002129	[CMY-118] CMY-118 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002130	[CMY-119] CMY-119 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002131	[CMY-120] CMY-120 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of CMY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002132	[DHA-1] DHA-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Morganella morganii
ARO:3002133	[DHA-2] DHA-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002134	[DHA-3] DHA-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002135	[DHA-6] DHA-6 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002136	[DHA-7] DHA-7 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002137	[DHA-4] DHA-4 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002138	[DHA-5] DHA-5 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002139	[DHA-8] DHA-8 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002140	[DHA-9] DHA-9 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002141	[DHA-10] DHA-10 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002142	[DHA-11] DHA-11 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002143	[DHA-12] DHA-12 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002144	[DHA-13] DHA-13 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002145	[DHA-14] DHA-14 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002146	[DHA-15] DHA-15 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002147	[DHA-16] DHA-16 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002148	[DHA-17] DHA-17 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002149	[DHA-18] DHA-18 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002150	[DHA-19] DHA-19 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002151	[DHA-20] DHA-20 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002152	[DHA-21] DHA-21 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002153	[DHA-22] DHA-22 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002154	[DHA-23] DHA-23 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of DHA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002155	[FOX-1] FOX-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002156	[FOX-2] FOX-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002157	[FOX-3] FOX-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002158	[FOX-4] FOX-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002159	[FOX-5] FOX-5 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002160	[FOX-7] FOX-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002161	[FOX-8] FOX-8 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002162	[FOX-10] FOX-10 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of FOX beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002163	[FOX-9] FOX-9 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of FOX beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002164	[FOX-11] FOX-11 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of FOX beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002165	[FOX-12] FOX-12 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of FOX beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002166	[MIR-1] MIR-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002167	[MIR-4] MIR-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002168	[MIR-2] MIR-2 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MIR beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002169	[MIR-3] MIR-3 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MIR beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002170	[MIR-5] MIR-5 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MIR beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002171	[MIR-6] MIR-6 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MIR beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002172	[MIR-7] MIR-7 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MIR beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002173	[MIR-8] MIR-8 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MIR beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002174	[MIR-9] MIR-9 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MIR beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002175	[MIR-10] MIR-10 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MIR beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002176	[MIR-11] MIR-11 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MIR beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002177	[MIR-12] MIR-12 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MIR beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002178	[MIR-13] MIR-13 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MIR beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002179	[MIR-14] MIR-14 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MIR beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002180	[MIR-15] MIR-15 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MIR beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002181	[MIR-16] MIR-16 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MIR beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002182	[MOX-1] MOX-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002183	[MOX-2] MOX-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002184	[MOX-4] MOX-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Aeromonas caviae
ARO:3002185	[MOX-6] MOX-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002186	[MOX-3] MOX-3 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MOX beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002188	[MOX-5] MOX-5 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MOX beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002189	[MOX-7] MOX-7 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MOX beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002190	[MOX-8] MOX-8 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MOX beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002191	[MOX-9] MOX-9 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of MOX beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002192	[IMP-1] IMP-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Serratia marcescens
ARO:3002193	[IMP-2] IMP-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii
ARO:3002194	[IMP-3] IMP-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii
ARO:3002195	[IMP-4] IMP-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii
ARO:3002196	[IMP-5] IMP-5 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii
ARO:3002197	[IMP-6] IMP-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Serratia marcescens
ARO:3002198	[IMP-7] IMP-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002199	[IMP-8] IMP-8 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002200	[IMP-9] IMP-9 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002201	[IMP-10] IMP-10 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002202	[IMP-11] IMP-11 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas and Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3002203	[IMP-12] IMP-12 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas putida
ARO:3002204	[IMP-13] IMP-13 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002205	[IMP-14] IMP-14 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas and Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3002206	[IMP-15] IMP-15 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002207	[IMP-16] IMP-16 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002208	[IMP-17] IMP-17 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002209	[IMP-18] IMP-18 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002210	[IMP-19] IMP-19 is a beta-lactamase found in Aeromonas caviae
ARO:3002211	[IMP-20] IMP-20 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas and Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3002212	[IMP-21] IMP-21 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas and Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3002213	[IMP-22] IMP-22 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas spp.
ARO:3002214	[IMP-23] IMP-23 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002215	[IMP-24] IMP-24 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002216	[IMP-25] IMP-25 is a beta-lactamase found in Serratia marcescens
ARO:3002217	[IMP-26] IMP-26 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002218	[IMP-27] IMP-27 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002219	[IMP-28] IMP-28 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002220	[IMP-29] IMP-29 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002221	[IMP-30] IMP-30 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002222	[IMP-31] IMP-31 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002223	[IMP-32] IMP-32 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002224	[IMP-33] IMP-33 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002225	[IMP-34] IMP-34 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella spp.
ARO:3002226	[IMP-35] IMP-35 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002227	[IMP-36] IMP-36 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002228	[IMP-37] IMP-37 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002229	[IMP-38] IMP-38 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002230	[IMP-39] IMP-39 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002231	[IMP-40] IMP-40 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas and Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3002232	[IMP-41] IMP-41 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas and Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3002233	[IMP-42] IMP-42 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas and Acinetobacter spp.
ARO:3002234	[IMP-43] IMP-43 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002235	[IMP-44] IMP-44 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002236	[IMP-45] IMP-45 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002237	[IMP-46] IMP-46 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002238	[IMP-47] IMP-47 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002239	[IMP-48] IMP-48 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002240	[CARB-1] CARB-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002241	[CARB-2] CARB-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002242	[CARB-3] CARB-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002243	[CARB-4] CARB-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002244	[CARB-5] CARB-5 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter calcoaceticus
ARO:3002245	[CARB-6] CARB-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Vibrio cholerae
ARO:3002246	[CARB-7] CARB-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Vibrio cholerae.
ARO:3002247	[CARB-8] CARB-8 is a beta-lactamase found in Oligella urethralis
ARO:3002248	[CARB-9] CARB-9 is a beta-lactamase found in Vibrio cholerae
ARO:3002249	[CARB-10] CARB-10 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii
ARO:3002250	[CARB-12] CARB-12 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002251	[CARB-13] CARB-13 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002252	[CARB-14] CARB-14 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii
ARO:3002253	[CARB-15] CARB-15 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002254	[CARB-17] CARB-17 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002255	[CARB-16] CARB-16 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of IMP beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002256	[IND-1] IND-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Chryseobacterium indologenes
ARO:3002257	[IND-2] IND-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Chryseobacterium indologenes
ARO:3002258	[IND-2a] IND-2a is a beta-lactamase found in Chryseobacterium indologenes
ARO:3002259	[IND-3] IND-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Chryseobacterium indologenes
ARO:3002260	[IND-4] IND-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Chryseobacterium indologenes
ARO:3002261	[IND-5] IND-5 is a beta-lactamase found in Chryseobacterium indologenes
ARO:3002262	[IND-6] IND-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Chryseobacterium indologenes
ARO:3002263	[IND-7] IND-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Chryseobacterium indologenes
ARO:3002264	[IND-8] IND-8 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002265	[IND-9] IND-9 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002266	[IND-10] IND-10 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002267	[IND-11] IND-11 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002268	[IND-12] IND-12 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002269	[IND-14] IND-14 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002270	[IND-15] IND-15 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002271	[VIM-1] VIM-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas spp.
ARO:3002272	[VIM-2] VIM-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas spp.
ARO:3002273	[VIM-3] VIM-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas spp.
ARO:3002274	[VIM-4] VIM-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002275	[VIM-5] VIM-5 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002276	[VIM-6] VIM-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas spp.
ARO:3002277	[VIM-7] VIM-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002278	[VIM-8] VIM-8 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002279	[VIM-9] VIM-9 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas spp.
ARO:3002280	[VIM-10] VIM-10 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas spp.
ARO:3002281	[VIM-11] VIM-11 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002282	[VIM-12] VIM-12 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002283	[VIM-13] VIM-13 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002284	[VIM-14] VIM-14 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002285	[VIM-15] VIM-15 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002286	[VIM-16] VIM-16 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002287	[VIM-17] VIM-17 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002288	[VIM-18] VIM-18 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002289	[VIM-19] VIM-19 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002290	[VIM-20] VIM-20 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of VIM beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002291	[VIM-21] VIM-21 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of VIM beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002292	[VIM-22] VIM-22 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of VIM beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002293	[VIM-23] VIM-23 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter cloacae
ARO:3002294	[VIM-24] VIM-24 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002295	[VIM-25] VIM-25 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of VIM beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002296	[VIM-26] VIM-26 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of VIM beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002297	[VIM-27] VIM-27 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002298	[VIM-28] VIM-28 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of VIM beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002299	[VIM-29] VIM-29 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002300	[VIM-30] VIM-30 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002301	[VIM-31] VIM-31 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter cloacae
ARO:3002302	[VIM-32] VIM-32 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of VIM beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002303	[VIM-33] VIM-33 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002304	[VIM-34] VIM-34 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002305	[VIM-35] VIM-35 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of VIM beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002306	[VIM-36] VIM-36 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002307	[VIM-37] VIM-37 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002308	[VIM-38] VIM-38 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002309	[VIM-39] VIM-39 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of VIM beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002310	[VIM-40] VIM-40 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of VIM beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002311	[VIM-41] VIM-41 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of VIM beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002312	[KPC-2] KPC-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002313	[KPC-3] KPC-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002314	[KPC-4] KPC-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002315	[KPC-5] KPC-5 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002316	[KPC-6] KPC-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002317	[KPC-7] KPC-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002318	[KPC-8] KPC-8 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002319	[KPC-9] KPC-9 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002320	[KPC-10] KPC-10 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002321	[KPC-11] KPC-11 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002322	[KPC-12] KPC-12 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of KPC beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002323	[KPC-13] KPC-13 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of KPC beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002324	[KPC-14] KPC-14 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of KPC beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002325	[KPC-15] KPC-15 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of KPC beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002326	[KPC-16] KPC-16 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of KPC beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002327	[KPC-17] KPC-17 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of KPC beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002328	[KPC-18] KPC-18 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of KPC beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002329	[KPC-19] KPC-19 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of KPC beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002330	[GES-1] GES-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002331	[GES-2] GES-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002332	[GES-3] GES-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002333	[GES-4] GES-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002334	[GES-5] GES-5 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002335	[GES-6] GES-6 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002336	[GES-7] GES-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter cloacae
ARO:3002337	[GES-8] GES-8 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002338	[GES-9] GES-9 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002339	[GES-10] GES-10 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of GES beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002340	[GES-11] GES-11 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii
ARO:3002341	[GES-12] GES-12 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii
ARO:3002342	[GES-13] GES-13 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002343	[GES-14] GES-14 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii
ARO:3002344	[GES-15] GES-15 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of GES beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002345	[GES-16] GES-16 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of GES beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002346	[GES-17] GES-17 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of GES beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002347	[GES-18] GES-18 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002348	[GES-19] GES-19 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002349	[GES-20] GES-20 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002350	[GES-21] GES-21 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of GES beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002351	[GES-22] GES-22 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of GES beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002352	[GES-23] GES-23 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of GES beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002353	[GES-24] GES-24 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of GES beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002354	[NDM-3] NDM-3 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002355	[NDM-4] NDM-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002356	[NDM-6] NDM-6 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002357	[NDM-7] NDM-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002358	[NDM-8] NDM-8 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002359	[NDM-9] NDM-9 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of NDM beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002360	[NDM-10] NDM-10 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of NDM beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002361	[NDM-11] NDM-11 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of NDM beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002362	[NDM-12] NDM-12 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of NDM beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002363	[PER-1] PER-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002364	[PER-2] PER-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella typhimurium
ARO:3002365	[PER-3] PER-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Aeromonas spp.
ARO:3002366	[PER-4] PER-4 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of PER beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002367	[PER-5] PER-5 is a beta-lactamase found in the Enterobacteriaceae family
ARO:3002368	[PER-6] PER-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Aeromonas allosaccharophila
ARO:3002369	[PER-7] PER-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Acinetobacter baumannii
ARO:3002370	[VEB-1] VEB-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002371	[VEB-2] VEB-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002372	[VEB-3] VEB-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Enterobacter cloacae
ARO:3002373	[VEB-4] VEB-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3002374	[VEB-6] VEB-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3002375	[VEB-5] VEB-5 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of VEB beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002376	[VEB-7] VEB-7 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of VEB beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002377	[VEB-8] VEB-8 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of VEB beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002378	[VEB-9] VEB-9 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of VEB beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002379	[SME-1] SME-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Serratia marcescens
ARO:3002380	[SME-2] SME-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Serratia marcescens
ARO:3002381	[SME-3] SME-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Serratia marcescens
ARO:3002382	[SME-4] SME-4 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of SME beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002383	[SME-5] SME-5 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of SME beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002384	[BEL beta-lactamase] BEL beta-lactamases are class A expanded-spectrum beta-lactamases that are inhibited by clavulanic acid. They are chromosomally encoded and hydrolyze most cephalosporins and aztreonam.
ARO:3002385	[BEL-1] BEL-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002386	[BEL-2] BEL-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002387	[BEL-3] BEL-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002388	[OXY beta-lactamase] OXY beta-lactamases are chromosomal class A beta-lactamases that are found in Klebsiella oxytoca. At constitutive low levels, OXY beta-lactamases confer resistance to aminopenicillins and carboxypenicillins. At high induced levels,  OXY beta-lactamases confer resistance to penicillins, cephalosporins and aztreonam.
ARO:3002389	[OXY-1-1] OXY-1-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002390	[OXY-1-2] OXY-1-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002391	[OXY-1-3] OXY-1-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002392	[OXY-1-4] OXY-1-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002393	[unused cvterm 38793] Definition needed.
ARO:3002394	[OXY-1-6] OXY-1-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002395	[unused cvterm 38795] Definition needed.
ARO:3002396	[OXY-2-1] OXY-2-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002397	[OXY-2-2] OXY-2-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002398	[OXY-2-3] OXY-2-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002399	[OXY-2-4] OXY-2-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002400	[OXY-2-5] OXY-2-5 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002401	[OXY-2-6] OXY-2-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002402	[OXY-2-7] OXY-2-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002403	[OXY-2-8] OXY-2-8 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002404	[OXY-2-9] OXY-2-9 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002405	[OXY-2-10] OXY-2-10 is a beta-lactamase. From the Pasteur Institute (Genopole) list of OXY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002406	[OXY-2-11] OXY-2-11 is a beta-lactamase. From the Pasteur Institute (Genopole) list of OXY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002407	[OXY-2-12] OXY-2-12 is a beta-lactamase. From the Pasteur Institute (Genopole) list of OXY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002408	[OXY-2-13] OXY-2-13 is a beta-lactamase. From the Pasteur Institute (Genopole) list of OXY beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002409	[OXY-3-1] OXY-3-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002410	[OXY-4-1] OXY-4-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002411	[OXY-5-1] OXY-5-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002412	[OXY-5-2] OXY-5-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002413	[OXY-6-1] OXY-6-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002414	[OXY-6-2] OXY-6-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002415	[OXY-6-3] OXY-6-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002416	[OXY-6-4] OXY-6-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002417	[OKP beta-lactamase] OKP beta-lactamases are chromosomal class A beta-lactamase that confer resistance to extended-spectrum beta-lactams in Klebsiella pneumoniae. OKP beta-lactamases can be subdivided into two groups: OKP-A and OKP-B which diverge by about 4.2%
ARO:3002418	[OKP-A-1] OKP-A-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002419	[OKP-A-2] OKP-A-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002420	[OKP-A-3] OKP-A-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002421	[OKP-A-4] OKP-A-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002422	[OKP-A-5] OKP-A-5 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002423	[OKP-A-6] OKP-A-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002424	[OKP-A-7] OKP-A-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002425	[OKP-A-8] OKP-A-8 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002426	[OKP-A-9] OKP-A-9 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002427	[OKP-A-10] OKP-A-10 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002428	[OKP-A-11] OKP-A-11 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002429	[OKP-A-12] OKP-A-12 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002430	[OKP-A-13] OKP-A-13 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002431	[OKP-A-14] OKP-A-14 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002432	[OKP-A-15] OKP-A-15 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002433	[OKP-A-16] OKP-A-16 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002434	[OKP-B-1] OKP-B-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002435	[OKP-B-2] OKP-B-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002436	[OKP-B-3] OKP-B-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002437	[OKP-B-4] OKP-B-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002438	[OKP-B-5] OKP-B-5 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002439	[OKP-B-6] OKP-B-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002440	[OKP-B-7] OKP-B-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002441	[OKP-B-8] OKP-B-8 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002442	[OKP-B-9] OKP-B-9 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002443	[OKP-B-10] OKP-B-10 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002444	[OKP-B-11] OKP-B-11 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002445	[OKP-B-12] OKP-B-12 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002446	[OKP-B-13] OKP-B-13 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002447	[OKP-B-14] OKP-B-14 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002448	[unused cvterm 38848] Definition needed.
ARO:3002449	[unused cvterm 38849] Definition needed.
ARO:3002450	[OKP-B-17] OKP-B-17 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002451	[OKP-B-18] OKP-B-18 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002452	[OKP-B-19] OKP-B-19 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002453	[OKP-B-20] OKP-B-20 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002454	[LEN-1] LEN-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002455	[LEN-2] LEN-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002456	[LEN-5] LEN-5 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002457	[LEN-7] LEN-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002458	[LEN-8] LEN-8 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002459	[LEN-9] LEN-9 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002460	[LEN-10] LEN-10 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002461	[LEN-11] LEN-11 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002462	[LEN-12] LEN-12 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002463	[LEN-13] LEN-13 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002464	[LEN-16] LEN-16 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002465	[LEN-18] LEN-18 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002466	[LEN-19] LEN-19 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002467	[LEN-20] LEN-20 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002468	[LEN-21] LEN-21 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002469	[LEN-22] LEN-22 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002470	[LEN-23] LEN-23 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002471	[LEN-24] LEN-24 is a beta-lactamase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002472	[LEN-4] LEN-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002473	[LEN-17] LEN-17 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002474	[LEN-26] LEN-26 is a beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002475	[LEN-3] LEN-3 is a beta-lactamase. From the Pasteur Institute list of LEN beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002476	[LEN-6] LEN-6 is a beta-lactamase. From the Pasteur Institute list of LEN beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002477	[LEN-14] LEN-14 is a beta-lactamase. From the Pasteur Institute list of LEN beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002478	[LEN-15] LEN-15 is a beta-lactamase. From the Pasteur Institute list of LEN beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002479	[LEN-25] LEN-25 is a beta-lactamase. From the Pasteur Institute list of LEN beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002480	[OXA-144] OXA-144 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002481	[AER-1] AER-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Aeromonas hydrophila
ARO:3002482	[LRA-1] LRA-1 is a beta-lactamase isolated from soil samples in Alaska
ARO:3002483	[LRA-5] LRA-5 is a beta-lactamase isolated from soil samples in Alaska
ARO:3002484	[LRA-13] LRA-13 is a beta-lactamase isolated from soil samples in Alaska
ARO:3002485	[LRA-2] LRA-2 is a beta-lactamase isolated from soil samples in Alaska
ARO:3002486	[LRA-7] LRA-7 is a beta-lactamase isolated from soil samples in Alaska
ARO:3002487	[LRA-8] LRA-8 is a beta-lactamase isolated from soil samples in Alaska
ARO:3002488	[LRA-9] LRA-9 is a beta-lactamase isolated from soil samples in Alaska
ARO:3002489	[LRA-10] LRA-10 is a beta-lactamase isolated from soil samples in Alaska
ARO:3002492	[LRA-18] LRA-18 is a beta-lactamase isolated from soil samples in Alaska
ARO:3002493	[SRT-1] SRT-1, isolated from Serratia marcescens, confers resistance to cephalosporins but not carbapenems, penems and monobactams.
ARO:3002494	[SRT-2] SRT-2, isolated from Serratia marcescens, is a chromosomal beta-lactamase that confers resistance to cefotaxime
ARO:3002495	[CTX-M-85] CTX-M-85 is a beta-lactamase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3002496	[OXA-418] OXA-418 is a beta-lactamase. From the Lahey list of OXA beta-lactamases.
ARO:3002497	[PDC-1] PDC-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
ARO:3002498	[PDC-2] PDC-2 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
ARO:3002500	[PDC-3] PDC-3 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
ARO:3002501	[PDC-4] PDC-4 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
ARO:3002502	[PDC-5] PDC-5 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
ARO:3002505	[PDC-6] PDC-6 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
ARO:3002506	[PDC-7] PDC-7 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
ARO:3002507	[PDC-8] PDC-8 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
ARO:3002508	[PDC-9] PDC-9 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
ARO:3002509	[PDC-10] PDC-10 is a beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
ARO:3002510	[LRA-3] LRA-3 is a beta-lactamase isolated from soil samples in Alaska
ARO:3002511	[LRA-12] LRA-12 is a beta-lactamase isolated from soil samples in Alaska
ARO:3002512	[LRA-17] LRA-17 is a beta-lactamase isolated from soil samples in Alaska
ARO:3002513	[LRA-19] LRA-19 is a beta-lactamase isolated from soil samples in Alaska
ARO:3002514	[OCH-1] OCH-1 beta-lactamase is an Ambler class C chromosomal-encoded beta-lactamases in Ochrobactrum anthropi
ARO:3002515	[OCH-2] OCH-2 beta-lactamase is an Ambler class C chromosomal-encoded beta-lactamases in Ochrobactrum anthropi
ARO:3002516	[OCH-3] OCH-3 beta-lactamase is an Ambler class C chromosomal-encoded beta-lactamases in Ochrobactrum anthropi
ARO:3002517	[OCH-4] OCH-4 beta-lactamase is an Ambler class C chromosomal-encoded beta-lactamases in Ochrobactrum anthropi
ARO:3002518	[OCH-5] OCH-5 beta-lactamase is an Ambler class C chromosomal-encoded beta-lactamases in Ochrobactrum anthropi
ARO:3002519	[OCH-6] OCH-6 beta-lactamase is an Ambler class C chromosomal-encoded beta-lactamases in Ochrobactrum anthropi
ARO:3002520	[OCH-7] OCH-7 beta-lactamase is an Ambler class C chromosomal-encoded beta-lactamases in Ochrobactrum anthropi
ARO:3002521	[OCH-8] OCH-8 beta-lactamase is an Ambler class C chromosomal-encoded beta-lactamases in Ochrobactrum anthropi
ARO:3002522	[novA] A type III ABC transporter, identified on the novobiocin biosynthetic gene cluster, involved in the transport and resistance of novobiocin.
ARO:3002523	[AAC(2')-Ia] AAC(2')-Ia is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. stuartii
ARO:3002524	[AAC(2')-Ib] AAC(2')-Ib is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in M. fortuitum and A. baumannii
ARO:3002525	[AAC(2')-Ic] AAC(2')-Ic is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in M. tuberculosis and M. bovis
ARO:3002526	[AAC(2')-Id] AAC(2')-Id is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in M. smegmatis
ARO:3002527	[AAC(2')-Ie] AAC(2')-Ie is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in M. leprae
ARO:3002528	[AAC(3)-Ia] AAC(3)-Ia is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase encoded by plasmids, transposons, integrons in S. marcescens, E. coli, Acinetobacter baumannii, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, P. aeruginosa, Salmonella typhimurium and Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3002529	[AAC(3)-Id] AAC(3)-Id is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase encoded by genomic islands and integrons in S. enterica, P. mirabilis and Vibrio fluvialis
ARO:3002530	[AAC(3)-Ib] AAC(3)-Ib is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002531	[AAC(3)-Ic] AAC(3)-Ic is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002532	[unused cvterm 38932] Definition needed.
ARO:3002533	[AAC(3)-IIa] AAC(3)-IIa is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in K. pneumoniae, E. cloacae, Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae, S. typhimurium and Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002534	[AAC(3)-IIb] AAC(3)-IIb is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in E. coli, A. faecalis and S. marcescens
ARO:3002535	[AAC(3)-IIc] AAC(3)-IIc is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in E. coli and P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002536	[AAC(3)-IIIa] AAC(3)-IIIa is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002537	[AAC(3)-IIIb] AAC(3)-IIIb is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002538	[AAC(3)-IIIc] AAC(3)-IIIc is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002539	[AAC(3)-IVa] AAC(3)-IVa is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in E. coli, C. jejuni and P. stutzeri
ARO:3002540	[AAC(3)-VIa] AAC(3)-VIa is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in E. cloacae, S. enterica and E. coli
ARO:3002541	[AAC(3)-VIIa] AAC(3)-VIIa is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Streptomyces rimosus
ARO:3002542	[AAC(3)-VIIIa] AAC(3)-VIIIa is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Streptomyces fradiae
ARO:3002543	[AAC(3)-IXa] AAC(3)-IXa is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Micromonospora chalcea
ARO:3002544	[AAC(3)-Xa] AAC(3)-Xa is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Streptomyces griseus
ARO:3002545	[AAC(6')-Ia] AAC(6')-Ia is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase encoded by plasmids, transposons, integrons in Citrobacter diversus, E. coli, K. pneumoniae and Shigella sonnei
ARO:3002546	[AAC(6')-Ib] AAC(6')-Ib is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase encoded by plasmids, transposons, integrons in K. pneumoniae, P. mirabilis, P. aeruginosa, S. enterica, K. oxytoca, S. maltophilia, E. cloacae and V. cholerae
ARO:3002547	[AAC(6')-Ib-cr] AAC(6')-Ib-cr is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase encoded by plasmids, transposons, integrons in Enterobacteriaceae
ARO:3002548	[AAC(6')-Ib'] AAC(6')-Ib' is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. fluorescens and P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002549	[AAC(6')-Ic] AAC(6')-Ic is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in S. marcescens
ARO:3002550	[unused cvterm 38950] Definition needed.
ARO:3002553	[AAC(6')-If] AAC(6')-If is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in E. cloacae
ARO:3002554	[AAC(6')-Ig] AAC(6')-Ig is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Acinetobacter haemolyticus
ARO:3002555	[AAC(6')-Ih] AAC(6')-Ih is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in A. baumannii
ARO:3002556	[AAC(6')-Ii] AAC(6')-Ii is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Enterococcus spp.
ARO:3002557	[AAC(6')-Ij] AAC(6')-Ij is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Acinetobacter genomosp. 13
ARO:3002558	[AAC(6')-Ik] AAC(6')-Ik is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Acinetobacter sp.
ARO:3002559	[AAC(6')-Ip] AAC(6')-Ip is a aminoglycoside acetyltransferase encoded by plasmids and integrons in C. freundii, E. coli, E. faecium and Enterobacter aerogenes
ARO:3002560	[AAC(6')-Iq] AAC(6')-Iq is a aminoglycoside acetyltransferase encoded by plasmids and integrons in K. pneumoniae
ARO:3002561	[AAC(6')-Ir] AAC(6')-Ir is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Acinetobacter genomosp. 14
ARO:3002562	[AAC(6')-Is] AAC(6')-Is is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Acinetobacter genomosp. 15
ARO:3002563	[AAC(6')-Isa] AAC(6')-Isa is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Streptomyces albulus
ARO:3002564	[AAC(6')-It] AAC(6')-It is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Acinetobacter genomosp. 16
ARO:3002565	[AAC(6')-Iu] AAC(6')-Iu is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Acinetobacter genomosp. 17
ARO:3002566	[AAC(6')-Iv] AAC(6')-Iv is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Acinetobacter sp.
ARO:3002567	[AAC(6')-Iw] AAC(6')-Iw is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Acinetobacter sp.
ARO:3002568	[AAC(6')-Ix] AAC(6')-Ix is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Acinetobacter sp.
ARO:3002569	[AAC(6')-Iy] AAC(6')-Iy is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in S. enteritidis and S. enterica. Regulatory mutation required to increase expression of this chromosomally-encoded gene for resistance. In the specific system, aminoglycoside resistance was due to a transcriptional fusion secondary to a chromosomal deletion in which the downstream aac(6')-Iy gene was placed under the control of the upstream nmpC promoter.
ARO:3002570	[AAC(6')-Iz] AAC(6')-Iz is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in S. maltophilia
ARO:3002571	[AAC(6')-Iaa] AAC(6')-Iaa is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in S. typhimurium
ARO:3002572	[AAC(6')-Iad] AAC(6')-Iad is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Acinetobacter genomosp. 3
ARO:3002573	[AAC(6')-Iae] AAC(6')-Iae is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. aeruginosa and S. enterica
ARO:3002574	[AAC(6')-Iaf] AAC(6')-Iaf is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase encoded by plasmids and integrons in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002575	[AAC(6')-Iai] AAC(6')-Iai is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase encoded by plasmids and integrons in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002576	[AAC(6')-Ib3] AAC(6')-Ib3 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002577	[AAC(6')-Ib4] AAC(6')-Ib4 is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Serratia spp.
ARO:3002578	[AAC(6')-Ib7] AAC(6')-Ib7 is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in E. cloacae and C. freundii
ARO:3002579	[AAC(6')-Ib8] AAC(6')-Ib8 is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in E. cloacae
ARO:3002580	[AAC(6')-Ib9] AAC(6')-Ib9 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002581	[AAC(6')-Ib10] AAC(6')-Ib10 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002582	[AAC(6')-Ib11] AAC(6')-Ib11 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in S. enterica
ARO:3002583	[AAC(6')-29a] AAC(6')-29a is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002584	[AAC(6')-29b] AAC(6')-29b is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002585	[AAC(6')-31] AAC(6')-31 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Pseudomonas putida, A. baumannii and K. pneumoniae
ARO:3002586	[AAC(6')-32] AAC(6')-32 is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase encoded by plasmids and integrons in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002587	[AAC(6')-33] AAC(6')-33 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002588	[AAC(6')-I30] AAC(6')-I30 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in S. enterica
ARO:3002589	[AAC(6')-Iid] AAC(6')-Iid is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Enterococcus durans
ARO:3002590	[AAC(6')-Iih] AAC(6')-Iih is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Enterococcus hirae
ARO:3002591	[AAC(6')-Ib-Suzhou] AAC(6')-Ib-Suzhou is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in E. cloacae and K. pneumoniae
ARO:3002592	[AAC(6')-Ib-Hangzhou] AAC(6')-Ib-Hangzhou is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in A. baumannii
ARO:3002593	[AAC(6')-Ib-SK] AAC(6')-Ib-SK is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in Streptomyces kanamyceticus
ARO:3002594	[AAC(6')-IIa] AAC(6')-IIa is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase encoded by plasmids and integrons in P. aeruginosa and S. enterica
ARO:3002595	[AAC(6')-IIb] AAC(6')-IIb is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. fluorescens
ARO:3002596	[AAC(6')-IIc] AAC(6')-IIc is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase encoded by plasmids and integrons in E. cloacae
ARO:3002597	[AAC(6')-Ie-APH(2'')-Ia] AAC(6')-Ie-APH(2'')-Ia is an aminoglycoside acetyltransferase encoded by plasmids and transposons in S. aureus, E. faecalis, E. faecium and Staphylococcus warneri
ARO:3002598	[ANT(3'')-Ii-AAC(6')-Iid fusion protein] ANT(3'')-Ii-AAC(6')-Iid is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in S. marcescens
ARO:3002599	[AAC(6')-30/AAC(6')-Ib' fusion protein] AAC(6')-30/AAC(6')-Ib' is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002600	[AAC(3)-Ib/AAC(6')-Ib''] AAC(3)-Ib/AAC(6')-Ib'' is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002601	[aadA] ANT(3'')-Ia is an aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene encoded by plasmids, transposons, integrons in Enterobacteriaceae, A. baumannii, P. aeruginosa and Vibrio cholerae
ARO:3002602	[aadA2] aadA2 is an aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene encoded by plasmids and integrons in K. pneumoniae, Salmonella spp., Corynebacterium glutamicum, C. freundii and Aeromonas spp.
ARO:3002603	[aadA3] aadA3 is an aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene encoded by plasmids, transposons and integrons in E. coli
ARO:3002604	[aadA4] aadA4 is an aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene encoded by plasmids and chromosomes in Bordetella parapertussis and E. coli
ARO:3002605	[aadA5] aadA5 is an aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene encoded by plasmids, transposons and integrons in E. coli, K. pneumoniae, Kluyvera georgiana, P. aeruginosa and E. cloacae
ARO:3002606	[aadA6] aadA6 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002607	[aadA7] aadA7 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene in V. fluvialis, P. aeruginosa, E. coli, V. cholerae and S. enterica
ARO:3002608	[aadA8] aadA8 is an aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene encoded by plasmids and integrons in V. cholerae, K. pneumoniae and Bacillus endophyticus
ARO:3002609	[aadA9] aadA9 is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene in C. glutamicum
ARO:3002610	[unused cvterm 39010] Definition needed.
ARO:3002611	[aadA11] aadA11 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene in E. coli and P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002612	[aadA12] aadA12 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene in E. coli, Yersinia enterocolitica and S. enterica
ARO:3002613	[aadA13] aadA13 is an aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene encoded by plasmids and integrons in Pseudomonas rettgeri, P. aeruginosa, Y. enterocolitica and E. coli
ARO:3002614	[aadA14] aadA14 is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene in Pasteurella multocida
ARO:3002615	[aadA15] aadA15 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002616	[aadA16] aadA16 is an aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene encoded by plasmids and integrons in E. coli, V. cholerae and K. pneumoniae
ARO:3002617	[aadA17] aadA17 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene in Aeromonas media
ARO:3002618	[aadA21] aadA21 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene in Salmonella spp.
ARO:3002619	[aadA22] aadA22 is an aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene encoded by plasmids and integrons in S. enterica and E. coli
ARO:3002620	[aadA23] aadA23 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene in S. enterica
ARO:3002621	[aadA24] aadA24 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene in Salmonella spp.
ARO:3002622	[aadA6/aadA10] aadA6/aadA10 is an integron-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene cassette in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002623	[ANT(4')-Ia] ANT(4')-Ia is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase in S. epidermidis, S. aureus, Enterococcus spp. and Bacillus spp.
ARO:3002624	[ANT(4')-IIa] ANT(4')-IIa is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase in P. aeruginosa and Enterobacteriaceae
ARO:3002625	[ANT(4')-IIb] ANT(4')-IIb is a transposon-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002626	[ANT(6)-Ia] ANT(6)-Ia is an aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene encoded by plasmids and chromosomes in Staphylococcus epidermidis, E. faecium, Streptococcus suis, S. aureus, E. faecalis and Streptococcus mitis
ARO:3002627	[aadK] aadK is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene in B. subtilis and Bacillus spp.
ARO:3002628	[aad(6)] aad(6) is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene in E. faecalis and Streptococcus oralis
ARO:3002629	[ANT(6)-Ib] ANT(6)-Ib is an aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene encoded by transferable pathogenicity islands in C. fetus subsp. fetus and B. subtilis
ARO:3002630	[ANT(9)-Ia] ANT(9)-Ia is an aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase encoded by plasmids and transposons in S. aureus, Enterococcus spp., Staphylococcus sciuri and E. faecalis
ARO:3002631	[spd] spd is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferase gene in S. aureus
ARO:3002632	[unused cvterm 39032] Definition needed.
ARO:3002633	[unused cvterm 39033] Definition needed.
ARO:3002634	[APH(2'')-Ie] APH(2'')-Ie is a plasmid or transposon-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in E. faecium and E. casseliflavus
ARO:3002635	[APH(2'')-IIa] APH(2'')-IIa is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in E. faecium and E. coli
ARO:3002636	[APH(2'')-IIIa] APH(2'')-IIIa is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in Enterococcus gallinarum
ARO:3002637	[APH(2'')-IVa] APH(2″)-IVa is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in E. casseliflavus
ARO:3002638	[APH(3'')-Ia] APH(3'')-Ia is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in S. griseus
ARO:3002639	[APH(3'')-Ib] APH(3'')-Ib is an aminoglycoside phosphotransferase encoded by plasmids, transposons, integrative conjugative elements and chromosomes in Enterobacteriaceae and Pseudomonas spp.
ARO:3002640	[APH(3'')-Ic] APH(3'')-Ic is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in M. fortuitum
ARO:3002641	[APH(3')-Ia] APH(3')-Ia is a transposon-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in E. coli and S. enterica. It is identical at the protein sequence to APH(3')-Ic, an aminoglycoside phosphotransferase encoded by plasmids, transposons and genomic islands in K. pneumoniae, A. baumannii, S. marcescens, Corynebacterium spp., Photobacterium spp. and Citrobacter spp.
ARO:3002642	[APH(3')-Ib] APH(3')-Ib is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in E. coli
ARO:3002643	[unused cvterm 39043] Definition needed.
ARO:3002644	[APH(3')-IIa] APH(3')-IIa is a transposon-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in E. coli
ARO:3002645	[APH(3')-IIb] APH(3')-IIb is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3002646	[APH(3')-IIc] APH(3')-IIc is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in S. maltophilia
ARO:3002647	[APH(3')-IIIa] APH(3')-IIIa is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in S. aureus and Enterococcus spp.
ARO:3002648	[APH(3')-IVa] APH(3')-IVa is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in B. circulans
ARO:3002649	[APH(3')-Va] APH(3')-Va is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in Streptomyces fradiae
ARO:3002650	[APH(3')-Vb] APH(3')-Vb is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in Streptomyces ribosidificus
ARO:3002651	[APH(3')-Vc] APH(3')-Vc is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in M. chalcea
ARO:3002652	[APH(3')-VIa] APH(3')-VIa is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in A. baumannii
ARO:3002653	[APH(3')-VIb] APH(3')-VIb is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in K. pneumoniae and S. marcescens
ARO:3002654	[APH(3')-VIIa] APH(3')-VIIa is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in C. jejuni
ARO:3002655	[APH(4)-Ia] APH(4)-Ia is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in E. coli
ARO:3002656	[APH(4)-Ib] APH(4)-Ib is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in Pseudomonas pseudomallei
ARO:3002657	[APH(6)-Ia] APH(6)-Ia is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in S. griseus
ARO:3002658	[APH(6)-Ib] APH(6)-Ib is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in S. glaucescens
ARO:3002659	[APH(6)-Ic] APH(6)-Ic is a transposon-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in S. enterica, P. aeruginosa and E. coli
ARO:3002660	[APH(6)-Id] APH(6)-Id is an aminoglycoside phosphotransferase encoded by plasmids, integrative conjugative elements and chromosomal genomic islands in K. pneumoniae, Salmonella spp., E. coli, Shigella flexneri, Providencia alcalifaciens, Pseudomonas spp., V. cholerae, Edwardsiella tarda, Pasteurella multocida and Aeromonas bestiarum
ARO:3002661	[APH(7'')-Ia] APH(7'')-Ia is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in S. hygroscopicus
ARO:3002662	[APH(9)-Ia] APH(9)-Ia is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in L. pneumophila
ARO:3002663	[APH(9)-Ib] APH(9)-Ib is a chromosomal-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in S. flavopersicus
ARO:3002664	[unused cvterm 39064] Definition needed.
ARO:3002665	[npmA] NpmA is a plasmid-mediated aminoglycoside-resistance 16S rRNA methyltransferase by interfering with aminoglycoside binding with the A site of 16S rRNA through N-1 methylation at position A1408.
ARO:3002666	[rmtF] RmtF is a 16S rRNA methyltransferase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa which methylates G1405 of the 16S rRNA. It confers high level resistance to many aminoglycosides.
ARO:3002667	[rmtD] RmtD is a 16S rRNA methyltransferase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa which methylates G1405 of the 16S rRNA. It confers high level resistance to many aminoglycosides.
ARO:3002668	[rmtG] RmtG is a 16S rRNA methyltransferase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa which methylates G1405 of the 16S rRNA. It confers high level resistance to many aminoglycosides.
ARO:3002669	[APH(2'')-Ig] APH('')-Ig is a plasmid-encoded aminoglycoside phosphotransferase in Campylobacter coli
ARO:3002670	[cat] cat is used to describe many variants of the chloramphenicol acetyltransferase gene in a range of organisms including Acinetobacter calcoaceticus, Agrobacterium tumefaciens, Bacillus clausii, Bacillus subtilis, Campylobacter coli, Enterococcus faecalis, Enterococcus faecium, Lactococcus lactis, Listeria monocytogenes, Listonella anguillarum\nMorganella morganii, Photobacterium damselae subsp. piscicida, Proteus mirabilis, Salmonella typhi, Serratia marcescens, Shigella flexneri, Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcus haemolyticus, Staphylococcus intermedius, Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus suis and Streptomyces acrimycini
ARO:3002671	[cat-TC] cat-TC is a plasmid-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Lactobacillus reuteri
ARO:3002672	[cat86] cat86 is a chromosome-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Bacillus pumilus
ARO:3002673	[unused cvterm 39107] Definition needed.
ARO:3002674	[catB] catB is a chromosome-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Clostridium butyricum
ARO:3002675	[catB2] catB2 is a plasmid-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Escherichia coli, Salmonella enteritidis and Pasteurella multocida
ARO:3002676	[catB3] catB3 is a plasmid or chromosome-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Salmonella typhimurium, Acinetobacter baumannii and Escherichia coli
ARO:3002677	[unused cvterm 39111] Definition needed.
ARO:3002678	[catB6] catB6 is a plasmid-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002679	[catB7] catB7 is a chromosome-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002680	[catB8] catB8 is a plasmid or integron-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Klebsiella pneumoniae, Salmonella typhi and Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002681	[catB9] catB9 is a chromosome-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Vibrio cholerae
ARO:3002682	[catD] catD is a chromosome and transposon-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Clostridium difficile
ARO:3002683	[catI] catI is a chromosome and transposon-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Escherichia coli and Acinetobacter baumannii
ARO:3002684	[catII] catII is a plasmid-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Haemophilus influenzae, Agrobacterium tumefaciens and Escherichia coli
ARO:3002685	[catIII] catIII is a plasmid-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Shigella flexneri
ARO:3002686	[catP] catP is a transposon and chromosome-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Clostridium perfringens and Neisseria meningitidis
ARO:3002687	[catQ] catQ is a chromosome-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Clostridium perfringens
ARO:3002688	[catS] catS is a chromosome-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Streptococcus pyogenes
ARO:3002689	[plasmid encoded cat (pp-cat)] pp-cat is a plasmid-encoded variant of the cat gene found in Photobacterium damselae subsp. piscicida
ARO:3002690	[cml] cml is a plasmid or chromosome-encoded chloramphenicol exporter that is found in Escherichia coli and Streptomyces lividans
ARO:3002691	[cmlA] cmlA is a plasmid-encoded chloramphenicol exporter that is found in Salmonella typhimurium
ARO:3002692	[unused cvterm 39126] Definition needed.
ARO:3002693	[cmlA1] cmlA1 is a plasmid or transposon-encoded chloramphenicol exporter that is found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002694	[cmlA4] cmlA4 is a plasmid-encoded chloramphenicol exporter that is found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002695	[cmlA5] cmlA5 is a plasmid or transposon-encoded chloramphenicol exporter that is found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002696	[cmlA6] cmlA6 is a plasmid-encoded chloramphenicol exporter that is found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002697	[unused cvterm 39131] Definition needed.
ARO:3002698	[cmlB] cmlB is a plasmid-encoded chloramphenicol exporter that is found in Enterobacter aerogenes
ARO:3002699	[cmlB1] cmlB1 is a plasmid-encoded chloramphenicol exporter that is found in Bordetella bronchiseptica
ARO:3002700	[cmlv] cmlv is a chromosome-encoded chloramphenicol phoshotransferase that is found in Streptomyces venezuelae
ARO:3002701	[cmr] cmr is a plasmid-encoded chloramphenicol exporter that is found in Rhodococcus fascians and Corynebacterium glutamicum
ARO:3002702	[cmrA] cmrA is a transposon-encoded chloramphenicol exporter that is found in Rhodococcus rhodochrous
ARO:3002703	[cmx] cmx is a plasmid or transposon-encoded chloramphenicol exporter that is found in Corynebacterium striatum
ARO:3002704	[fexA] fexA is a plasmid-encoded chloramphenicol exporter that is found in Staphylococcus lentus
ARO:3002705	[floR] floR is a plasmid or chromosome-encoded chloramphenicol exporter that is found in Bordetella bronchiseptica, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae,\nSalmonella typhimurium DT104 and Vibrio cholerae
ARO:3002706	[ethambutol resistant embC] Mycobacterium tuberculosis embC mutations at codon 270 confer resistance to ethambutol.
ARO:3002707	[QnrA1] QnrA1 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002708	[QnrA2] QnrA2 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002709	[QnrA3] QnrA3 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Shewanella algae
ARO:3002710	[QnrA4] QnrA4 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Shewanella algae
ARO:3002711	[QnrA5] QnrA5 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Shewanella algae
ARO:3002712	[QnrA6] QnrA6 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3002713	[QnrA7] QnrA7 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Shewanella algae
ARO:3002714	[QnrB1] QnrB1 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002715	[QnrB2] QnrB2 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter koseri
ARO:3002716	[QnrB3] QnrB3 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002718	[QnrB4] QnrB4 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002719	[QnrB5] QnrB5 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3002720	[QnrB6] QnrB6 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Pantoea agglomerans
ARO:3002721	[QnrB7] QnrB7 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Enterobacter cloacae
ARO:3002722	[QnrB8] QnrB8 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002723	[QnrB9] QnrB9 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002724	[QnrB10] QnrB10 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002725	[QnrB11] QnrB11 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002726	[QnrB12] QnrB12  is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter werkmanii
ARO:3002727	[QnrB13] QnrB13 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002728	[QnrB14] QnrB14 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002730	[QnrB15] QnrB15 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002731	[QnrB16] QnrB16 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002732	[QnrB17] QnrB17 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002733	[QnrB18] QnrB18 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002734	[QnrB19] QnrB19 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002735	[QnrB20] QnrB20 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002736	[QnrB21] QnrB21 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002737	[QnrB22] QnrB22 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter werkmanii
ARO:3002738	[QnrB23] QnrB23 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002739	[QnrB24] QnrB24 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002740	[QnrB25] QnrB25 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002741	[QnrB26] QnrB26 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Proteus vulgaris
ARO:3002742	[QnrB27] QnrB27 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter braakii
ARO:3002743	[QnrB28] QnrB28 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002744	[QnrB29] QnrB29 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002745	[QnrB30] QnrB30 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter braakii
ARO:3002746	[QnrB31] QnrB31 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002747	[QnrB32] QnrB32 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002748	[QnrB33] QnrB33 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter braakii
ARO:3002749	[QnrB34] QnrB34 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter werkmanii
ARO:3002750	[QnrB35] QnrB35 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002751	[QnrB36] QnrB36 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002752	[QnrB37] QnrB37 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002753	[QnrB38] QnrB38 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002754	[QnrB39] QnrB39 is a chromosome-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter youngae
ARO:3002755	[QnrB40] QnrB40 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter braakii
ARO:3002756	[QnrB41] QnrB41 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002757	[QnrB42] QnrB42 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002758	[QnrB43] QnrB43 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002759	[QnrB44] QnrB44 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002760	[QnrB45] QnrB45 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002761	[QnrB46] QnrB46 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002762	[QnrB47] QnrB47 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002763	[QnrB48] QnrB48 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002764	[QnrB49] QnrB49 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002765	[QnrB50] QnrB50 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002766	[unused cvterm 39200] Definition needed.
ARO:3002767	[QnrB54] QnrB54 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002768	[QnrB55] QnrB55 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Raoultella terrigena
ARO:3002769	[QnrB56] QnrB56 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002770	[QnrB57] QnrB57 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002771	[QnrB58] QnrB58 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002772	[QnrB59] QnrB59 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002773	[QnrB60] QnrB60 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002774	[QnrB61] QnrB61 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter braakii
ARO:3002775	[QnrB62] QnrB62 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002776	[QnrB64] QnrB64 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002777	[QnrB65] QnrB65 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002778	[QnrB66] QnrB66 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002779	[QnrB67] QnrB67 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter braakii
ARO:3002780	[QnrB68] QnrB68 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter braakii
ARO:3002781	[QnrB69] QnrB69 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002782	[QnrB70] QnrB70 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002783	[QnrB71] QnrB71 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter braakii
ARO:3002784	[QnrB72] QnrB72 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter sp. TR21_24
ARO:3002785	[QnrB73] QnrB73 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Citrobacter freundii
ARO:3002786	[QnrB74] QnrB74 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002787	[QnrC] QnrC is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Proteus mirabilis
ARO:3002788	[QnrD1] QnrD1 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3002789	[QnrD2] QnrD2 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3002790	[QnrS1] QnrS1 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Shigella flexneri
ARO:3002791	[QnrS2] QnrS2 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3002792	[QnrS3] QnrS3 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002793	[QnrS4] QnrS4 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3002794	[QnrS5] QnrS5 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Aeromonas sobria
ARO:3002795	[QnrS6] QnrS6 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Aeromonas hydrophila
ARO:3002796	[QnrS7] QnrS7 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002797	[QnrS8] QnrS8 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002798	[QnrS9] QnrS9 is a plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3002799	[QnrVC1] QnrVC1 is an integron-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Vibrio cholerae
ARO:3002800	[QnrVC3] QnrVC3 is an integron-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Vibrio cholerae
ARO:3002801	[QnrVC4] QnrVC4 is an integron-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Aeromonas punctata
ARO:3002802	[QnrVC5] QnrVC5 is an integron-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Vibrio fluvialis
ARO:3002803	[QnrVC6] QnrVC6 is an integron-mediated quinolone resistance protein found in Acinetobacter baumannii
ARO:3002804	[FosA2] An enzyme that confers resistance to fosfomycin in Enterobacter cloacae by breaking the epoxide ring of the molecule. It depends on the cofactors Manganese (II) and Potassium and uses Glutathione (GSH) as the nucleophilic molecule.
ARO:3002805	[unused cvterm 39239] Definition needed.
ARO:3002806	[unused cvterm 39240] Definition needed.
ARO:3002807	[unused cvterm 39241] Definition needed.
ARO:3002808	[unused cvterm 39242] Definition needed.
ARO:3002809	[unused cvterm 39243] Definition needed.
ARO:3002810	[unused cvterm 39244] Definition needed.
ARO:3002811	[fosfomycin resistant murA] murA or UDP-N-acetylglucosamine enolpyruvyl transferase catalyses the initial step in peptidoglycan biosynthesis and is inhibited by fosfomycin. Overexpression of murA through mutations such as Asp369Asn and Leu370Ile confers fosfomycin resistance.
ARO:3002812	[pp-flo] pp-flo is a plasmid chloramphenicol exporter that is found in Photobacterium damselae subsp. piscicida
ARO:3002813	[lmrB] lmrB is a chromosomally-encoded efflux pump that confers resistance to lincosamides in Bacillus subtilis
ARO:3002814	[clbA] clbA is a plasmid-encoded cfr gene found in Bacillus amyloliquefaciens
ARO:3002815	[clbB] clbB is a plasmid-encoded cfr gene found in Bacillus brevis
ARO:3002816	[clbC] clbC is a plasmid-encoded cfr gene found in Bacillus clausii
ARO:3002817	[carA] carA is an ABC transporter involved in macrolide resistance. It is found in Streptomyces thermotolerans
ARO:3002818	[msrB] MsrB is an ABC-efflux pump expressed to Staphylococcus species that confers resistance to erythromycin and streptogramin B antibiotics. It is associated with plasmid DNA.
ARO:3002819	[msrC] msrC is a chromosomal-encoded ABC-efflux pump expressed in Enterococcus faecium that confers resistance to erythromycin and other macrolide and streptogramin B antibiotics.
ARO:3002820	[unused cvterm 39254] Definition needed.
ARO:3002821	[unused cvterm 39255] Definition needed.
ARO:3002822	[unused cvterm 39256] Definition needed.
ARO:3002823	[ErmH] ErmH is a plasmid-mediated methyltransferase found in Streptomyces thermotolerans
ARO:3002824	[ErmV] ErmV is a plasmid-mediated methyltransferase found in Streptomyces viridochromogenes
ARO:3002825	[ErmY] ErmY is a plasmid-mediated methyltransferase found in Staphylococcus aureus
ARO:3002826	[EreA2] EreA2 is an integron-encoded erythromycin esterase that hydrolyses the drug's lactone ring. EreA2 is found in Providencia stuartii
ARO:3002827	[tlrC] tlrC is an efflux pump found in Streptomyces fradiae and confers resistance to mycinamicin, tylosin and lincosamides. tlrC is found in the tylosin biosynthetic cluster and is one mechanism by which S. fradiae protects itself from self-destruction when producing this macrolide.
ARO:3002828	[srmB] srmB is an efflux pump found in Streptomyces ambofaciens that confers resistance to spiramycin
ARO:3002829	[vgaA] vgaA is an efflux protein expressed in staphylococci that confers resistance to streptogramin A antibiotics and related compounds. It is associated with plasmid DNA.
ARO:3002830	[vgaALC] vgaALC is an efflux protein expressed in staphylococci that confers resistance to streptogramin A antibiotics and related compounds. It is associated with plasmid DNA.
ARO:3002831	[vgaC] vgaC is an efflux protein expressed in staphylococci that confers resistance to streptogramin A antibiotics and related compounds. It is associated with plasmid DNA.
ARO:3002832	[vgaD] vgaD is an efflux protein expressed in Enterococcus faecium that confers resistance to streptogramin A antibiotics and related compounds. It is associated with plasmid DNA.
ARO:3002833	[vgaE] vgaE is an efflux protein expressed in staphylococci that confers resistance to streptogramin A antibiotics and related compounds. It is associated with transposon DNA.
ARO:3002834	[unused cvterm 39268] Definition needed.
ARO:3002835	[lnuA] lnuA is a plasmid-mediated nucleotidyltransferase found in Staphylococcus chromogenes
ARO:3002836	[lnuB] lnuB is a plasmid-mediated nucleotidyltransferase found in Streptococcus lutetiensis
ARO:3002837	[lnuC] lnuC is a transposon-mediated nucleotidyltransferase found in Streptococcus agalactiae
ARO:3002838	[lnuD] lnuD is a plasmid-mediated nucleotidyltransferase found in Streptococcus uberis
ARO:3002839	[lnuF] lnuF is an integron-mediated nucleotidyltransferase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002840	[vatA] vatA is a plasmid-mediated acetyltransferase found in Staphylococcus aureus
ARO:3002841	[vatB] vatB is a plasmid-mediated acetyltransferase found in Staphylococcus aureus
ARO:3002842	[vatC] vatC is a plasmid-mediated acetyltransferase found in Staphylococcus cohnii
ARO:3002843	[vatD] vatD is a transposon-mediated acetyltransferase found in Enterococcus faecium
ARO:3002844	[vatE] vatE is a transposon-mediated acetyltransferase found in Enterococcus faecium
ARO:3002845	[vatH] vatH is a plasmid-mediated acetyltransferase found in Enterococcus faecium
ARO:3002846	[arr-1] arr-1 is a chromosome-encoded ribosyltransferase found in Mycobacterium smegmatis
ARO:3002847	[arr-2] arr-2 is an integron-encoded ribosyltransferase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002848	[arr-3] arr-3 is a plasmid-encoded ribosyltransferase found in Vibrio fluvialis
ARO:3002849	[arr-4] arr-4 is an integron-encoded ribosyltransferase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002850	[arr-5] arr-5 is an integron-encoded ribosyltransferase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002851	[unused cvterm 39285] Definition needed.
ARO:3002852	[arr-7] arr-7 is an integron-encoded ribosyltransferase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002853	[arr-8] arr-8 is an integron-encoded ribosyltransferase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3002854	[dfrA1] dfrA1 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002855	[dfrA2d] dfrA2d is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Enterobacteriaceae
ARO:3002856	[dfrA24] dfrA24 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002857	[dfrA26] dfrA26 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002858	[dfrA12] dfrA12 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Vibrio cholerae
ARO:3002859	[dfrA14] dfrA14 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002860	[dfrA17] dfrA17 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002861	[dfrA5] dfrA5 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Vibrio cholerae
ARO:3002862	[dfrA7] dfrA7 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002863	[dfrA8] dfrA8 is a transposon-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3002864	[dfrB1] dfrB1 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002865	[dfrC] dfrC is a chromosome-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Staphylococcus aureus
ARO:3002866	[dfrD] dfrD is a plasmid-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Listeria monocytogenes
ARO:3002867	[dfrF] dfrF is a chromosome-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Streptococcus pyogenes
ARO:3002868	[dfrG] dfrG is a plasmid-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Staphylococcus aureus
ARO:3002869	[dfrK] dfrK is a plasmid-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Staphylococcus aureus
ARO:3002870	[tet34] tet34 is a Mg2+-dependent tetracycline efflux pump found in Gram-negative Vibrio
ARO:3002871	[tet37] tet37 is a chromosome-encoded oxidoreductase isolated from an uncultured bacterium that confers resistance to tetracycline
ARO:3002872	[FosA3] An enzyme that confers resistance to fosfomycin in Escherichia coli by breaking the epoxide ring of the molecule. It depends on the cofactors Manganese (II) and Potassium and uses Glutathione (GSH) as the nucleophilic molecule.
ARO:3002873	[FosB3] A thiol transferase that leads to the resistance of fosfomycin in Enterococcus faecium. Contrasting FosA, FosB is dependent on the cofactor Magnesium (II) and uses either bacillithiol to open up the epoxide ring of fosfomycin.
ARO:3002874	[FosC2] FosC2 is an enzyme that phosphorylates fosfomycin to confer resistance in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002875	[dfrE] dfrE is a chromosome-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Enterococcus faecalis
ARO:3002876	[ethambutol resistant arabinosyltransferase] Arabinosyl transferases allow for the polymerization of arabinose to form arabinan. Arabanan is required for formation of mycobacterial cell walls and arabinosyltransferases are targets of the drug ethambutol. Mutations in these genes can confer resistance to ethambutol.
ARO:3002877	[BcI] Bacillus cereus beta-lactamase I is a zinc metallo-beta-lactamase that hydrolyzes a large number of penicillins and cephalosporins in the Bacillus cereus strain 569/H/9
ARO:3002878	[BcII] Bacillus cereus beta-lactamase II is a zinc metallo-beta-lactamase that hydrolyzes a large number of penicillins and cephalosporins in the Bacillus cereus strain 5/B/6
ARO:3002879	[linG] linG is an integron-mediated nucleotidyltransferase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3002880	[lincosamide resistance efflux pump] Lincosamide efflux proteins.
ARO:3002881	[lmrC] lmrC is a chromosomally-encoded efflux pump that confers resistance to lincosamides in Streptomyces lincolnensis and Lactococcus lactis. It can dimerize with lmrD
ARO:3002882	[lmrD] lmrD is a chromosomally-encoded efflux pump that confers resistance to lincosamides in Streptomyces lincolnensis and Lactococcus lactis. It can dimerize with lmrC
ARO:3002883	[rgt1438] rgt1438 is a glycosyltransferase that confers rifampin resistance in Streptomyces
ARO:3002884	[iri] iri is a monooxygenase that confers resistance to rifampin found in Rhodococcus equi
ARO:3002890	[unused cvterm 39324] Definition needed.
ARO:3002891	[otrA] otrA is an oxytetracycline resistance ribosomal protection protein found in Streptomyces rimosus
ARO:3002892	[otrB] otrB is a tetracycline resistance efflux pump found in Streptomyces rimosus
ARO:3002893	[tcr3] tcr3 is a tetracycline efflux pump that confers self-resistance to Streptomyces aureofaciens
ARO:3002894	[otrC] otrC is a tetracycline resistance efflux pump found in Streptomyces rimosus
ARO:3002895	[sat-1] sat-1 is a plasmid-mediated streptothricin acetyltransferase in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002896	[unused cvterm 39330] Definition needed.
ARO:3002897	[sat-4] sat-4 is a plasmid-mediated streptothricin acetyltransferase in Campylobacter coli
ARO:3002898	[sat-3] sat-3 is a plasmid-mediated streptothricin acetyltransferase in Escherichia coli
ARO:3002899	[fluoroquinolone resistance efflux pump] Protein complexes that confer resistance to fluoroquinolone
ARO:3002900	[beta-lactam resistance efflux pump] Efflux pumps that confer resistance to beta-lactam antibiotics
ARO:3002901	[rifampin resistance efflux pump] Efflux pumps that confer resistance for rifampin
ARO:3002902	[aminocoumarin resistance efflux pump] Efflux pumps that confer resistance to aminocoumarins
ARO:3002903	[trimethoprim resistance efflux pump] Efflux proteins that confer resistance to trimethoprim
ARO:3002904	[aminoglycoside resistance efflux pump] Efflux proteins that confer resistance to aminoglycosides
ARO:3002905	[VanS-VanR two-component regulatory system] van genes that are involved in activating and regulating transcription of gene clusters
ARO:3002906	[van ligase] van ligases synthesize alternative substrates for peptidoglycan synthesis that reduce vancomycin binding affinity.
ARO:3002907	[vanE] VanE is a D-Ala-D-Ala ligase that can synthesize D-Ala-D-Ser, an alternative substrate for peptidoglycan synthesis that reduces vancomycin binding affinity in Enterococcus faecalis
ARO:3002908	[vanF] VanF is a D-Ala-D-Ala ligase that can synthesize D-Ala-D-Lac, an alternative substrate for peptidoglycan synthesis that reduces vancomycin binding affinity. It is associated with both vancomycin and teicoplanin resistance in Paenibacillus popilliae
ARO:3002909	[vanG] VanG is a D-Ala-D-Ala ligase that can synthesize D-Ala-D-Ser, an alternative substrate for peptidoglycan synthesis that reduces vancomycin binding affinity in Enterococcus faecalis
ARO:3002910	[vanL] VanL is a D-Ala-D-Ala ligase that can synthesize D-Ala-D-Ser, an alternative substrate for peptidoglycan synthesis that reduces vancomycin binding affinity in Enterococcus faecalis
ARO:3002911	[vanM] VanM is a D-Ala-D-Ala ligase that can synthesize D-Ala-D-Lac, an alternative substrate for peptidoglycan synthesis that reduces vancomycin binding affinity. It is associated with both vancomycin and teicoplanin resistance.
ARO:3002912	[vanN] VanN is a D-Ala-D-Ala ligase that can synthesize D-Ala-D-Ser, an alternative substrate for peptidoglycan synthesis that reduces vancomycin binding affinity in Enterococcus faecium
ARO:3002913	[vanO] VanO is a D-Ala-D-Ala ligase that can synthesize D-Ala-D-Lac, an alternative substrate for peptidoglycan synthesis that reduces vancomycin binding affinity. It is associated with both vancomycin and teicoplanin resistance.
ARO:3002914	[vanJ] vanJ is a novel membrane protein that confers resistance to teicoplanin and its derivatives in Streptomyces coelicolor by recycling undecaprenol pyrophosphate during cell wall biosynthesis.
ARO:3002915	[vanK] VanK is a member of the Fem family of enzymes that add the cross-bridge amino acids to the stem pentapeptide of cell wall precursors in Streptomyces coelicolor that confers inducible, high-level vancomycin resistance
ARO:3002916	[vanV] vanV codes for an accessory protein in the vanB operon. It is found in some but not all vanB operons in E. faecalis, suggesting the existence of varied gene compositions in vanB operons.
ARO:3002917	[glycopeptide resistance gene cluster VanN] Homologous to vanC, contains a D-Ala-D-Ser ligase. The plasmid-located vanM gene cluster is inducible and confers low resistance to vancomycin. vanN organisms remain susceptible to teicoplanin. Gene orientation: N(XY)TRS
ARO:3002918	[glycopeptide resistance gene cluster VanO] Homologous to vanA, contains a D-Ala-D-Lac ligase. The chromosome-located vanO gene cluster is inducible. Not much is known about the biochemistry about the vanO gene cluster. Gene orientation: orf1 RS orf2 HOX
ARO:3002919	[vanRA] vanRA, also known as vanR, is a vanR variant found in the vanA gene cluster
ARO:3002921	[vanRB] vanRB is a vanR variant found in the vanB gene cluster
ARO:3002922	[vanRC] vanRC is a vanR variant found in the vanC gene cluster
ARO:3002923	[vanRD] vanRD is a mutated vanR variant found in the vanD gene cluster that caused constitutive expression of vanD peptidoglycan synthesis
ARO:3002924	[vanRE] vanRE is a vanR variant found in the vanE gene cluster
ARO:3002925	[vanRF] vanRF is a vanR variant found in the vanF gene cluster
ARO:3002926	[vanRG] vanRG is a vanR variant found in the vanG gene cluster
ARO:3002927	[vanRL] vanRL is a vanR variant found in the vanL gene cluster
ARO:3002928	[vanRM] vanRM is a vanR variant found in the vanM gene cluster
ARO:3002929	[vanRN] vanRN is a vanR variant found in the vanN gene cluster
ARO:3002930	[vanRO] vanRO is a vanR variant found in the vanO gene cluster
ARO:3002931	[vanSA] vanSA, also known as vanS, is a vanS variant found in the vanA gene cluster
ARO:3002932	[vanSB] vanSB is a vanS variant found in the vanB gene cluster
ARO:3002933	[vanSC] vanSC is a vanS variant found in the vanC gene cluster
ARO:3002934	[vanSD] vanSD is a mutated vanS variant found in the vanD gene cluster that caused constitutive expression of vanD peptidoglycan synthesis
ARO:3002935	[vanSE] vanSE is a vanS variant found in the vanE gene cluster
ARO:3002936	[vanSF] vanSF is a vanS variant found in the vanF gene cluster
ARO:3002937	[vanSG] vanSG is a vanS variant found in the vanG gene cluster
ARO:3002938	[vanSL] vanSL is a vanS variant found in the vanL gene cluster
ARO:3002939	[vanSM] vanSM is a vanS variant found in the vanM gene cluster
ARO:3002940	[vanSN] vanSN is a vanS variant found in the vanN gene cluster
ARO:3002941	[vanSO] vanSO is a vanS variant found in the vanO gene cluster
ARO:3002942	[vanHA] vanHA, also known as vanH, is a vanH variant in the vanA gene cluster
ARO:3002943	[vanHB] vanHB is a vanH variant in the vanB gene cluster
ARO:3002944	[vanHD] vanHD is a vanH variant in the vanD gene cluster
ARO:3002945	[vanHF] vanHF is a vanH variant in the vanF gene cluster
ARO:3002947	[vanHM] vanHM is a vanH variant in the vanM gene cluster
ARO:3002948	[vanHO] vanHO is a vanH variant in the vanO gene cluster
ARO:3002949	[vanXA] vanXA, also known as vanX, is a vanX variant found in the vanA gene cluster
ARO:3002950	[vanXB] vanXB is a vanX variant found in the vanB gene cluster
ARO:3002951	[unused cvterm 39385] Definition needed.
ARO:3002952	[vanXF] vanXF is a vanX variant found in the vanF gene cluster
ARO:3002953	[vanXM] vanXM is a vanX variant found in the vanM gene cluster
ARO:3002954	[vanXO] vanXO is a vanX variant found in the vanO gene cluster
ARO:3002955	[vanYA] vanYA, also known as vanY, is a vanY variant found in the vanA gene cluster
ARO:3002956	[vanYB] vanYB is a vanY variant found in the vanB gene cluster
ARO:3002957	[vanYD] vanYD is a vanY variant found in the vanD gene cluster
ARO:3002958	[vanYF] vanYF is a vanY variant found in the vanF gene cluster
ARO:3002959	[vanYG1] vanYG1 is a vanY variant found in the vanG gene cluster
ARO:3002960	[unused cvterm 39394] Definition needed.
ARO:3002961	[vanYM] vanYM is a vanY variant found in the vanM gene cluster
ARO:3002962	[vanZA] vanZA, also known as vanZ, is a vanZ variant found in the vanA gene cluster
ARO:3002963	[vanZF] vanZF is a vanZ variant found in the vanF gene cluster
ARO:3002964	[vanWB] vanWB, also known as vanW, is a vanW variant found in the vanB gene cluster
ARO:3002965	[vanWG] vanWG is a vanW variant found in the vanG gene cluster
ARO:3002966	[vanXYC] vanXYC is a vanXY variant found in the vanC gene cluster
ARO:3002967	[vanXYE] vanXYE is a vanXY variant found in the vanE gene cluster
ARO:3002968	[vanXYL] vanXYL is a vanXY variant found in the vanL gene cluster
ARO:3002969	[vanXYN] vanXYN is a vanXY variant found in the vanN gene cluster
ARO:3002970	[vanTC] vanTC is a vanT variant found in the vanC gene cluster
ARO:3002971	[vanTE] vanTE is a vanT variant found in the vanE gene cluster
ARO:3002972	[vanTG] vanTG is a vanT variant found in the vanG gene cluster
ARO:3002973	[vanTmL] vanTmL is a vanT variant found in the vanL gene cluster. vanTmL codes for the membrane-binding domain of vanTL
ARO:3002974	[vanTrL] vanTrL is a vanT variant found in the vanL gene cluster. vanTrL codes for the racemase component of vanT
ARO:3002975	[vanTN] vanTN is a vanT variant found in the vanN gene cluster
ARO:3002976	[gene associated with a glycopeptide resistance cluster] van genes encode for various genes that are involved in conferring vancomycin and teicoplanin resistance
ARO:3002977	[unused cvterm 39411] Definition needed.
ARO:3002978	[D-Ala-D-Lac ligase] van ligases that synthesize D-Ala-D-Lac, an alternative peptidoglycan substrate that confers resistance to vancomycin
ARO:3002979	[D-Ala-D-Ser ligase] van ligases that synthesize D-Ala-D-Ser, an alternative peptidoglycan substrate that confers resistance to vancomycin
ARO:3002980	[aspergillomarasmine A] Aspergillomarasmine A, a fungal natural product, has been shown to inhibit the NDM-1 and VIM-2 enzymes, restoring of the activity of meropenem against carbapenem-resistant pathogens possessing either NDM-1 or VIM-2.
ARO:3002981	[AmrAB-OprM] AmrAB is an RND efflux system that impairs aminoglycoside accumulation in clinical Burkholderia vietnamiensis strains
ARO:3002982	[amrA] amrA is the membrane fusion protein of the AmrAB-OprM multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3002983	[amrB] amrB is the membrane fusion protein of the AmrAB-OprM multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3002984	[polymyxin resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to polymyxins
ARO:3002985	[arnA] arnA modifies lipid A with 4-amino-4-deoxy-L-arabinose (Ara4N) which allows gram-negative bacteria to resist the antimicrobial activity of cationic antimicrobial peptides and antibiotics such as polymyxin
ARO:3002986	[bacA] bacA is a gene that recycles undecaprenyl pyrophosphate during cell wall biosynthesis which confers resistance to bacitracin
ARO:3002987	[bcrA] bcrA is an ABC transporter found in Bacillus licheniformis that confers bacitracin resistance
ARO:3002988	[bcrB] bcrB is an ABC transporter found in Bacillus licheniformis that confers bacitracin resistance
ARO:3002989	[unused cvterm 39423] Definition needed.
ARO:3002990	[bacitracin resistance efflux pump] Efflux proteins that confer resistance to bacitracin
ARO:3002991	[AER-14] AER-14 is a beta-lactamase found in Aeromonas sobria
ARO:3002992	[AQU beta-lactamase] AQU beta-lactamases are chromosomal class C beta-lactamases
ARO:3002993	[AQU-1] AQU-1 is a chromosomal class C beta-lactamase found in clinical Aeromonas dhakensis isolates
ARO:3002994	[ROB beta-lactamase] ROB beta-lactamase is a class A beta-lactamase
ARO:3002995	[ROB-1] ROB-1 is a beta-lactamase found in Pasteurella and Haemophilus
ARO:3002996	[LCR beta-lactamase] LCR beta-lactamase is a class D beta-lactamase
ARO:3002997	[LCR-1] LCR-1 is a class D beta-lactamase found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa
ARO:3002998	[CblA beta-lactamase] CblA beta-lactamase is a class A beta-lactamase
ARO:3002999	[CblA-1] CblA-1 beta-lactamase is a class A beta-lactamase found in Bacteroides uniformis that is species-specific.
ARO:3003000	[CfxA beta-lactamase] cfxA beta-lactamases are class A beta-lactamases
ARO:3003001	[CfxA] cfxA beta-lactamase is a class A beta-lactamase found in Bacteroides vulgatus
ARO:3003002	[CfxA2] cfxA2 beta-lactamase is a class A beta-lactamase found in Prevotella intermedia
ARO:3003003	[CfxA3] cfxA3 beta-lactamase is a class A beta-lactamase found in Capnocytophaga ochracea
ARO:3003004	[unused cvterm 39438] Definition needed.
ARO:3003005	[CfxA4] cfxA4 beta-lactamase is a class A beta-lactamase found in Bacteroides fragilis
ARO:3003006	[blt] blt is an MFS efflux pump that confers resistance to multiple drugs such as rhodamine and acridine dyes, and fluoroquinolone antibiotics
ARO:3003007	[bmr] bmr is an MFS antibiotic efflux pump that confers resistance to multiple drugs including acridine dyes, fluoroquinolone antibiotics, chloramphenicol, and puromycin
ARO:3003008	[CeoAB-OpcM] CeoAB is an RND efflux system that confers multidrug resistance in Burkholderia cenocepacia
ARO:3003009	[ceoA] ceoA is a periplasmic linker subunit of the CeoAB-OpcM efflux pump
ARO:3003010	[ceoB] ceoB is a cytoplasmic membrane component of the CeoAB-OpcM efflux pump
ARO:3003011	[dfrA10] dfrA10 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3003012	[dfrA13] dfrA13 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3003013	[dfrA15] dfrA15 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Vibrio cholerae
ARO:3003014	[dfrA16] dfrA16 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3003015	[dfrA19] dfrA19 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae
ARO:3003016	[dfrA20] dfrA20 is a plasmid-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Pasteurella multocida
ARO:3003017	[dfrA21] dfrA21 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3003018	[dfrA22] dfrA22 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3003019	[dfrA23] dfrA23 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3003020	[dfrA25] dfrA25 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Salmonella agona
ARO:3003021	[dfrB2] dfrB2 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in an uncultured bacterium from a wastewater treatment plant
ARO:3003022	[dfrB3] dfrB3 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Klebsiella oxytoca
ARO:3003023	[dfrB6] dfrB6 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Salmonella enterica
ARO:3003024	[fusidic acid resistance gene] Genes that confers resistance to fusidic acid
ARO:3003025	[fusidic acid inactivation enzyme] Enzymes that confer resistance to fusidic acid by inactivation
ARO:3003026	[fusH] fusH is a highly specific fusidic acid esterase found in Streptomyces lividans
ARO:3003027	[lmrAB Operon] lmrAB operon is involved in lincosamide resistance in Bacillus subtilis
ARO:3003028	[lmrA] lmrA is the repressor to the lmrAB operon in Bacillus subtilis. lmrA mutations result in lincomycin resistance.
ARO:3003029	[MexVW-OprM] MexVW-OprM is a multidrug efflux protein expressed in Pseudomonas aeruginosa. MexV is the membrane fusion protein; MexW is the RND-type membrane protein; and OprM is the outer membrane channel. MexVW-OprM is associated with resistance to fluoroquinolones, tetracycline, chloramphenicol, erythromycin and acriflavine.
ARO:3003030	[mexV] MexV is the membrane fusion protein of the MexVW-OprM multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3003031	[mexW] MexW is the RND-type membrane protein of the efflux complex MexVW-OprM.
ARO:3003032	[MexXY-OprM] MexXY-OprM is a multidrug efflux protein expressed in Pseudomonas aeruginosa. MexY is the membrane fusion protein; MexX is the RND-type membrane protein; and OprM is the outer membrane channel. MexXY-OprM is associated with resistance to acriflavine, erythromycin, norfloxacin\t and ofloxacin.
ARO:3003033	[mexY] MexY is the membrane fusion protein of the MexXY-OprM multidrug efflux complex.
ARO:3003034	[mexX] MexX is the RND-type membrane protein of the efflux complex MexXY-OprM.
ARO:3003035	[mfpA] mfpA is a qnr homolog and a pentapeptide repeat protein that confers resistance to fluoroquinolones in Mycobacterium smegmatis
ARO:3003036	[oleB] oleB is an ABC transporter in Streptomyces antibioticus and is involved in oleandomycin secretion
ARO:3003037	[opcM] OpcM is an outer membrane factor protein found in Burkholderia cepacia. It is part of the CeoAB-OpcM complex.
ARO:3003038	[MexXY-OprA] MexXY-OprA is a multidrug efflux protein expressed in Pseudomonas aeruginosa. MexY is the membrane fusion protein; MexX is the RND-type membrane protein; and OprA is the outer membrane channel. MexXY-OprA is associated with resistance to aminoglycosides
ARO:3003039	[oprA] OprA is an outer membrane factor protein found in Pseudomonas aeruginosa. It is part of the MexXY-OprA complex.
ARO:3003040	[beta-lactam resistant penicillin-binding proteins] Penicillin-binding proteins bind beta-lactams to confer resistance
ARO:3003041	[PBP1a] PBP1a is a penicillin-binding protein found in Streptococcus pneumoniae
ARO:3003042	[PBP2b] PBP2b is a penicillin-binding protein found in Streptococcus pneumoniae
ARO:3003043	[PBP2x] PBP2x is a penicillin-binding protein found in Streptococcus pneumoniae
ARO:3003044	[PBP1b] PBP1b is a penicillin-binding protein found in Streptococcus pneumoniae
ARO:3003045	[qac] qac is a multidrug efflux pump that confers resistance to fluoroquinolones in Staphylococcus aureus
ARO:3003046	[qacA] qacA is a subunit of the qac multidrug efflux pump
ARO:3003047	[qacB] qacB is a subunit of the qac multidrug efflux pump
ARO:3003048	[rosA] rosA is an efflux pump in Yersinia that confers resistance to cationic antimicrobial peptides such as polymyxin B
ARO:3003049	[rosB] rosB is a potassium antiporter in Yersinia that confers resistance to cationic antimicrobial peptides such as polymyxin B
ARO:3003050	[SmeABC] SmeABC is a multidrug resistance efflux pump that confers resistance to aminoglycosides, beta-lactams, and fluoroquinolones in Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
ARO:3003051	[smeA] smeA is the membrane fusion protein of the smeABC multidrug efflux complex in Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
ARO:3003052	[smeB] smeB is the inner membrane multidrug exporter of the efflux complex smeABC in Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
ARO:3003053	[smeC] smeC is an outer membrane multidrug efflux protein of the smeABC complex in Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
ARO:3003054	[SmeDEF] SmeDEF is a multidrug resistance efflux pump that confers resistance to quinolones, tetracyclines, macrolides, chloramphenicol, and novobiocin in Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
ARO:3003055	[smeD] smeD is the membrane fusion protein of the smeDEF multidrug efflux complex in Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
ARO:3003056	[smeE] smeE is the RND protein of the efflux complex smeDEF in Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
ARO:3003057	[smeF] smeF is an outer membrane multidrug efflux protein of the smeDEF complex in Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
ARO:3003058	[tunicamycin resistance gene] Genes that confer resistance to tunicamycin
ARO:3003059	[tmrB] tmrB is an ATP-binding tunicamycin resistance protein found in Bacillus subtilis
ARO:3003060	[tsnr] tsnr is a 23S ribosomal RNA methyltransferase that methylates adenosine-1067 to confer resistance to thiostrepton
ARO:3003061	[viomycin phosphotransferase] vph is a phosphotransferase that confers resistance to viomycin in Streptomyces vinaceus
ARO:3003062	[ykkCD] ykkCD is a multidrug efflux pump with two SMR-type protein subunits that confers resistance to cationic drugs, chloramphenicol, streptomycin and tetracycline.
ARO:3003063	[ykkC] ykkC is an SMR-type protein that is a subunit of the ykkCD efflux pump
ARO:3003064	[ykkD] ykkD is an SMR-type protein that is a subunit of the ykkCD efflux pump
ARO:3003065	[non-erm 23S ribosomal RNA methyltransferase (A1067)] Non-erm 23S ribosomal RNA methyltransferases modify adenosine 1067 to confer resistance to peptide antibiotics
ARO:3003066	[smeR] smeR is the responder component of a two component signal transduction system that includes smeS
ARO:3003067	[smeS] smeS is the protein kinase sensor component of a two component signal transduction system that includes smeR
ARO:3003068	[smeRS] smeRS is a two component regulatory system for smeABC where smeR is a response regulator, while smeS is a sensor kinase.
ARO:3003069	[vanXYG] vanXYG is a vanXY variant found in the vanG gene cluster
ARO:3003070	[vanXD] vanXD is a vanX variant found in the vanD gene cluster
ARO:3003071	[mphE] mphE is a macrolide phosphotransferase that phosphorylates macrolides in GTP- dependent manner at 2'-OH hydroxyl of desosamine sugar of macrolides.
ARO:3003072	[Bacillus intrinsic mph] Bacillus intrinsic mph or Cluster A mph are chromosomally-encoded macrolide phosphotransferases that inactivate 14- and 15-membered macrolides such as erythromycin, clarithromycin, azithromycin.
ARO:3003073	[lipopeptide antibiotic resistance gene] Genes conferring resistance to lipopeptide antibiotics.
ARO:3003074	[Staphylococcus aureus cls conferring resistance to daptomycin] cls or cardiolipin synthetase is an inner membrane protein that is involved in membrane synthesis. Specific mutations in S. aureus can confer resistance to daptomycin.
ARO:3003075	[unused cvterm 39622] Definition needed.
ARO:3003076	[daptomycin resistant liaFSR] liaFSR is a two-component signal transduction pathway in B. subtilis that responds to peptide and lipopeptide antibiotics. The liaFSR two-component system consists of a histidine kinase liaS and the response regulator liaR as well as the accessory protein liaF, which acts as a negative regulator of liaRS-dependent signal transduction. Mutations confer resistance to daptomycin.
ARO:3003077	[Enterococcus faecium liaF mutant conferring daptomycin resistance] liaF is an accessory protein that acts as a negative regulator of liaRS signal transduction pathway. Mutations confer daptomycin resistance.
ARO:3003078	[Enterococcus faecium liaR mutant conferring daptomycin resistance] liaR is a response regulator found in the liaFSR signal transduction pathway. Mutations confer daptomycin resistance.
ARO:3003079	[Enterococcus faecium liaS mutant conferring daptomycin resistance] liaS is a histidine kinase found in the liaFSR signal transduction pathway. Mutations confer daptomycin resistance.
ARO:3003080	[daptomycin resistant pgsA (phosphatidylglycerophosphate synthetase)] pgsA or phosphatidylglycerophosphate synthetase is an integral membrane protein involved in phospholipid biosynthesis. It is a CDP-diacylglycerol-glycerol-3-phosphate 3-phosphatidyltransferase. Laboratory experiments have detected mutations conferring daptomycin resistance in Entercoccus.
ARO:3003081	[unused cvterm 39628] Definition needed.
ARO:3003082	[unused cvterm 39629] Definition needed.
ARO:3003083	[unused cvterm 39630] Definition needed.
ARO:3003084	[unused cvterm 39631] Definition needed.
ARO:3003085	[unused cvterm 39632] Definition needed.
ARO:3003086	[unused cvterm 39633] Definition needed.
ARO:3003087	[unused cvterm 39634] Definition needed.
ARO:3003088	[unused cvterm 39635] Definition needed.
ARO:3003089	[unused cvterm 39636] Definition needed.
ARO:3003090	[daptomycin resistant beta-subunit of RNA polymerase (rpoB)] Daptomycin resistant RNA polymerases include amino acids substitutions which alter expression of the dlt operon, which increases the cell surface positive charge. Known from S. aureus.
ARO:3003091	[daptomycin resistant mprF] MprF is a integral membrane protein that modifies the negatively-charged phosphatidylglycerol on the membrane surface of both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. This confers resistance to cationic peptides that disrupt the cell membrane, including defensins. Mutations in mprF can additionally confer resistance to daptomycin in S. aureus.
ARO:3003092	[Enterococcus faecium cls conferring resistance to daptomycin] cls or cardiolipin synthetase is an inner membrane protein that is involved in membrane synthesis. Specific mutations in Enterococcus can confer resistance to daptomycin.
ARO:3003093	[CEPH-A3] CEPH-A3 is an Ambler Class B MBL; subclass B2 originally isolated from Aeromonas veronii. This enzyme has specific activity against carbapenems and is active as a mono-zinc protein.
ARO:3003094	[imiH] imiH is an Ambler Class B MBL; subclass B2 originally isolated from Aeromonas hydrophila. This enzyme has specific activity against carbapenems.
ARO:3003095	[imiS] imiS is an Ambler Class B MBL; subclass B2 originally isolated from Aeromonas veronii. This enzyme has specific activity against carbapenems.
ARO:3003096	[CfxA5] cfxA5 beta-lactamase is a class A beta-lactamase found in Bacteroides distasonis
ARO:3003097	[CfxA6] cfxA6 beta-lactamase is a class A beta-lactamase found in an uncultured bacterium
ARO:3003098	[cphA1] CphA1 is an Ambler Class B MBL; subclass B2 originally isolated from Aquifex aeolicus. This enzyme has specific activity against carbapenems and is active as a mono-zinc protein
ARO:3003099	[cphA2] CphA2 is an Ambler Class B MBL; subclass B2 originally isolated from Aquifex aeolicus. This enzyme has specific activity against carbapenems and is active as a mono-zinc protein
ARO:3003100	[cphA4] CphA4 is an Ambler Class B MBL; subclass B2 originally isolated from Aeromonas allosaccharophila. This enzyme has specific activity against carbapenems and is active as a mono-zinc protein.
ARO:3003101	[cphA5] cphA5 is an Ambler Class B MBL; subclass B2 originally isolated from Aeromonas salmonicida. This enzyme has specific activity against carbapenems and is active as a mono-zinc protein.
ARO:3003102	[cphA6] cphA6 is an Ambler Class B MBL; subclass B2 originally isolated from Aeromonas veronii. This enzyme has specific activity against carbapenems and is active as a mono-zinc protein.
ARO:3003103	[cphA7] cphA7 is an Ambler Class B MBL; subclass B2 originally isolated from Aeromonas jandaei. This enzyme has specific activity against carbapenems and is active as a mono-zinc protein.
ARO:3003104	[cphA8] cphA8 is an Ambler Class B MBL; subclass B2 originally isolated from Aeromonas sobria. This enzyme has specific activity against carbapenems and is active as a mono-zinc protein.
ARO:3003105	[dfrA3] dfrA3 is an integron-encoded dihydrofolate reductase found in Escherichia coli
ARO:3003106	[Erm(42)] Erm42 confers MLSb phenotype in Pasteurella multocida
ARO:3003107	[mefB] mefB is a macrolide efflux gene located in the vicinity of sul3 in Escherichia coli.
ARO:3003108	[unused cvterm 39684] Definition needed.
ARO:3003109	[msrE] MsrE is an ABC-efflux pump expressed to Klebsiella pneumoniae that confers resistance to erythromycin and streptogramin B antibiotics. It is associated with plasmid DNA.
ARO:3003110	[catB10] catB10 is an integron-encoded variant of the cat gene found in P. aeruginosa
ARO:3003111	[lsaB] LsaB is an ABC efflux pump expressed in Staphylococcus sciuri. It confers resistance to clindamycin.
ARO:3003112	[lsaC] LsaC is an ABC efflux pump expressed in Streptococcus agalactiae. It confers resistance to lincomycin, clindamycin, dalfopristin, and tiamulin
ARO:3003113	[TEM-221] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003114	[TEM-222] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003115	[OXA-427] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003116	[OXA-420] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003117	[OXA-421] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003119	[OXA-428] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003120	[OXA-429] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003121	[OXA-430] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003124	[OXA-431] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003125	[OXA-432] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003126	[OXA-433] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003127	[OXA-434] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003128	[OXA-436] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003129	[CMY-121] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003130	[CMY-122] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003131	[CMY-123] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003132	[CMY-124] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003133	[CMY-125] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003134	[CMY-126] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003135	[CMY-127] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003136	[CMY-128] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003137	[CMY-129] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003138	[CMY-130] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003139	[MIR-18] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003140	[MOX-10] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003141	[MOX-11] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003142	[IMI-8] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003143	[IMI-9] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003144	[KPC-20] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003145	[KPC-21] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003146	[VEB-10] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003147	[OXA-424] OXA-424 is a ß-lactamase found in clinical isolates of Acinetobacter baumannii found in China. It is carbapenem resistant.
ARO:3003148	[OXA-425] OXA-425 is a ß-lactamase found in clinical isolates of Acinetobacter baumannii. It is carbapenem-resistant 
ARO:3003149	[OXA-426] OXA-426 is a ß-lactamase found in clinical isolates of Acinetobacter baumannii. It is carbapenem resistant 
ARO:3003150	[CARB-20] CARB-20 is a beta-lactamase found worldwide in Vibrio parahaemolyticus
ARO:3003151	[CARB-22] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003152	[SHV-185] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003153	[SHV-186] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003154	[SHV-187] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003155	[SHV-188] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003156	[SHV-189] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003157	[TEM-219] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003158	[TEM-220] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003159	[OXA-419] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases. Not yet released.
ARO:3003160	[OXA-422] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003161	[OXA-423] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003162	[OXA-435] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003163	[CTX-M-155] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003164	[CTX-M-156] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003165	[CTX-M-157] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003166	[CTX-M-158] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003167	[CTX-M-159] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003168	[CTX-M-160] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003169	[CTX-M-161] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003170	[CMY-131] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003171	[ACT-36] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003172	[ACT-37] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003173	[MIR-17] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003174	[CARB-18] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003175	[CARB-19] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003176	[CARB-21] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003177	[IMI-7] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003178	[VIM-42] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003179	[VIM-43] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003180	[KPC-22] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003181	[GES-26] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003182	[NDM-13] Beta-lactamase found in Escherichia coli clinical isolates in Nepal.
ARO:3003183	[NDM-14] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003184	[PER-8] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases.
ARO:3003185	[GES-25] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, not yet released
ARO:3003186	[CARB-23] Present in Lahey's list of ß-lactamases, not yet released
ARO:3003187	[QnrB75] QnrB75 is a fluoroquinolone resistance gene in Lahey's list of qnr genes
ARO:3003188	[QnrB76 ] QnrB76 is a fluoroquinolone resistance gene in Lahey's list of qnr genes
ARO:3003189	[QnrB77] QnrB77 is a fluoroquinolone resistance gene in Lahey's list of qnr genes
ARO:3003190	[QnrB78] QnrB78 is a fluoroquinolone resistance gene in Lahey's list of qnr genes
ARO:3003191	[QnrB79] QnrB79 is a fluoroquinolone resistance gene in Lahey's list of qnr genes
ARO:3003192	[QnrB80] QnrB80 is a fluoroquinolone resistance gene in Lahey's list of qnr genes
ARO:3003193	[QnrVC7] QnrVC7 is a fluoroquinolone resistance gene in Lahey's list of qnr genes.
ARO:3003194	[GIM-2] GIM-2 is a metallo-beta-lactamase present on an integron found in clinical isolates of Enterobacter cloacae in Germany
ARO:3003195	[GIM beta-lactamase] The GIM beta-lactamases are isolated from Pseudomonas aeruginosa. They are located in a distinct integron structure. They confers high broad spectrum resistant, including all ß-lactams, aminoglycosides and quinolones.
ARO:3003196	[tet45] tet45 is a tetracycline efflux pump found in Bhargavaea cecembensis strain previously isolated from a poultry-litter-impacted soil.
ARO:3003197	[aadA25] streptomycin/spectinomycin resistance gene found in Pasteurella multocida isolated from bovine respiratory tract
ARO:3003198	[rmtH] rmtH is a 16s ribosomal RNA methyltransferase found in Klebsiella pneumoniae strain MRSN2404 that was isolated from the chronic wound of a soldier wounded in Iraq in 2006. It confers high resistance to all aminoglycosides
ARO:3003199	[AAC(6')-Iak] AAC(6')-Iak is a 6'-N-aminoglycoside acetyltransferase-encoding gene isolated from a multidrug-resistant clinical isolate of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
ARO:3003200	[AAC(6')-Ian] AAC(6')-Ian is an amikacin acetyltransferase gene found on a transferable plasmid of the Serratia marcescens strain NUBL-11663. IT catalyze the transfer of an acetyl group from acetyl coenzyme A onto an amine at the 6'-position of various aminoglycosides.
ARO:3003201	[TLA beta-lactamase] The TLA beta-lactamases are resistant to expanded-spectrum cephalosporins, aztreonam, ciprofloxacin, and ofloxacin but was susceptible to amikacin, cefotetan, and imipenem.
ARO:3003202	[TLA-1] TLA-1 is a beta-lactamase found in plasmids of clinical isolates of Escherichia coli strain R170 in Latin America. It preferentially hydrolyzed cephaloridine, cefotaxime, cephalothin, benzylpenicillin, and ceftazidime. The enzyme was markedly inhibited by sulbactam, tazobactam, and clavulanic acid.
ARO:3003203	[TLA-2] TLA-2 is a beta-lactamase is present on a plasmid isolated from an unidentified bacterial strain from a waste water treatment plant. The enzyme mostly hydrolyzes cephalosporins.
ARO:3003204	[TLA-3] TLA-3 is a beta-lactamase found in a transferable plasmid of Serratia marcescens clinical isolate. It confers resistance to ceftazidime, cefotaxime and cefepime, but not to cefmetazole and meropenem
ARO:3003205	[Erm(43)] Erm(43) is a macrolide, lincosamide, and streptogramin B resistance gene found in Staphylococcus lentus chromosome isolated from human, dog and chicken.
ARO:3003206	[lsaE] lsaE is a ABC transporter gene found in porcine MRSA isolates. It confers resistance to pleuromutilin, lincosamide, and streptogramin A
ARO:3003207	[FosK] FosK is a fosfomycin thiol transferase isolated from Acinetobacter soli. It is integrin-mediated. It confers a high level of resistance to fosfomycin.
ARO:3003208	[fosXCC] fosXCC is a fosfomycin resistance gene that modifies MurA isolated from Campylobacter species. It is highly resistant to fosfomycin.
ARO:3003209	[FosA5] fosA5 is a fosfomycin resistance gene isolated from clinical strain of Escherichia coli E265. It is susceptible to amikacin, tetracycline and imipenem, and resistant to sulphonamide, cephalosporins, gentamicin, ciprofloxacin, chloramphenicol and streptomycin
ARO:3003210	[FosA4] fosA4 is an enzyme that confers resistance to fosfomycin in Escherichia coli by breaking the epoxide ring of the molecule.
ARO:3003211	[16S rRNA with mutation conferring antibiotic resistance] Many antibiotics inhibit the growth of bacteria by blocking protein synthesis on the ribosome. The antibiotic-binding sites are located within functionally important structures in the ribosomal RNA. Antibiotic resistance is often conferred by base substitutions or methylations at these sites in the rRNA. Point mutations in the bacterial 16S ribosomal RNA in the small 30S subunit can confer resistance to antibiotics.
ARO:3003212	[unused cvterm 39796] Definition needed.
ARO:3003213	[unused cvterm 39797] Definition needed.
ARO:3003214	[unused cvterm 39798] Definition needed.
ARO:3003215	[unused cvterm 39799] Definition needed.
ARO:3003216	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to aminoglycosides] Aminoglycosides bind to the 16S rRNA, at the tRNA acceptor A-site (aminoacyl site) and inhibit protein translation process. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this area can result in resistance to aminoglycoside antibiotics.
ARO:3003217	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to kanamycin A] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to kanamycin A
ARO:3003218	[unused cvterm 39802] Definition needed.
ARO:3003219	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to neomycin] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to neomycin
ARO:3003220	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to paromomycin] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to paromomycin
ARO:3003221	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to gentamicin C] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to gentamicin C
ARO:3003222	[unused cvterm 39806] Definition needed.
ARO:3003223	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to edeine] Point mutations in the 3' minor domain of the 16S rRNA in Escherichia coli can confer resistance to edeine
ARO:3003224	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to G418] Point mutations in the 3' minor domain of helix 44, in the 16S rRNA gene of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to G418
ARO:3003225	[unused cvterm 39809] Definition needed.
ARO:3003226	[unused cvterm 39810] Definition needed.
ARO:3003227	[unused cvterm 39811] Definition needed.
ARO:3003228	[unused cvterm 39812] Definition needed.
ARO:3003229	[unused cvterm 39813] Definition needed.
ARO:3003230	[unused cvterm 39814] Definition needed.
ARO:3003231	[Lipid II] Precursor molecule during the synthesis of bacterial cell wall. Lipid II anchors itself onto the cell and it's disaccharide-peptide subunit is used in PG polymer assembly by peptidoglycan glycosyltransferases. Due to it's importance in cell wall synthesis, it is the target of antibiotics.
ARO:3003232	[Lipid III] Lipid III is the precursor to the wall teichoic acid. It's inhibition leads to bacterial death as teichoic acid is required to anchor autolysins which control the hydrolysis of peptidoglycan cell wall.
ARO:3003234	[unused cvterm 39818] Definition needed.
ARO:3003235	[Mycobacterium abscessus 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to aminoglycosides\n] Aminoglycosides bind to the 16S rRNA, at the tRNA acceptor A-site (aminoacyl site) and inhibit protein translation process. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this area can result in resistance to aminoglycoside antibiotics.
ARO:3003236	[Mycobacterium abscessus 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to kanamycin \n] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium abscessus conferring resistance to kanamycin
ARO:3003237	[Mycobacterium abscessus 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to tobramycin\n] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium abscessus conferring resistance to tobramycin
ARO:3003238	[Mycobacterium abscessus 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to neomycin ] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium abscessus conferring resistance to neomycin
ARO:3003239	[Mycobacterium abscessus 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to amikacin\n] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium abscessus conferring resistance to amikacin
ARO:3003240	[Mycobacterium abscessus 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to gentamicin \n] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium abscessus conferring resistance to gentamicin
ARO:3003241	[teixobactin] Teixobactin is a peptide antibiotic isolated from the Gram-negative bacteria, Eleftheria terrae. It inhibits the synthesis of peptidoglycan by interacting with peptidoglycan precursor, Lipid II and Lipid III.
ARO:3003250	[bcrC] bcrC is an undecaprenyl pyrophosphate phosphatase that has a role in bacitracin resistance if it is overexpressed. It is isolated from Bacillus subtilis.
ARO:3003251	[undecaprenyl pyrophosphate] Undecaprenyl pyrophosphate is a precursor to a cell wall polymer carrier. It's activation requires a phosphatase.
ARO:3003252	[bacitracin resistance gene] Proteins that provide a bacteria with resistance to bacitracin
ARO:3003253	[aminocoumarin sensitive parY] Subunit of topoisomerase IV sensitive to aminocourmarins
ARO:3003254	[antibiotic sensitive DNA topoisomerase subunit gyrA] DNA gyrase is responsible for DNA supercoiling and consists of two alpha and two beta subunits. Binding the alpha-subunit is sufficient to inhibit DNA supercoiling.
ARO:3003255	[unused cvterm 39839] Definition needed.
ARO:3003256	[antibiotic sensitive DNA topoisomerase subunit parC] ParC is a subunit of topoisomerase IV, which decatenates and relaxes DNA to allow access to genes for transcription or translation. Targeting topoisomerase IV inhibits DNA synthesis, and may also lead to double-stranded cell breaks.
ARO:3003257	[unused cvterm 39841] Definition needed.
ARO:3003258	[antibiotic sensitive DNA topoisomerase subunit parY] parY is a subunit of the topoisomerase IV. It decatenates and relaxes DNA to allow for transcription or translation.
ARO:3003259	[antibiotic sensitive DNA topoisomerase subunit parE] ParE is a subunit of topoisomerase IV, which decatenates and relaxes DNA to allow access to genes for transcription or translation. Targeting topoisomerase IV inhibits DNA synthesis, and may also lead to double-stranded cell breaks.
ARO:3003260	[aminocoumarin sensitive gyrB] Beta-subunit of DNA gyrase sensitive to inhibition by aminocoumarins
ARO:3003261	[fluoroquinolone sensitive gyrB] Beta-subunit of DNA gyrase sensitive to inhibition by fluoroquinolones
ARO:3003262	[Antibiotic sensitive Escherichia coli 16S rRNA] 
ARO:3003263	[Antibiotic sensitive Mycobacterium abscessus 16S rRNA ] 
ARO:3003264	[Aminoglycosides sensitive Mycobacterium abscessus 16S rRNA ] 
ARO:3003265	[Amikacin sensitive Mycobacterium abscessus 16S rRNA mutation] 
ARO:3003266	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to aminoglycosides] Aminoglycosides bind to the 16S rRNA, at the tRNA acceptor A-site (aminoacyl site) and inhibit protein translation process. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this area can result in resistance to aminoglycoside antibiotics.
ARO:3003267	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to streptomycin\n] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium smegmatis can confer resistance to streptomycin
ARO:3003268	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to hygromycin B\n] Point mutations in the highly conserved helix 44 of the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium smegmatis can confer resistance to hygromycin B. Resistance against hygromycin B is the result of conformational alterations that distorts a strong hydrogen bond leading to a change in the local geometry of the hygromycin B binding site.
ARO:3003269	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to kanamycin A\n] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium smegmatis can confer resistance to kanamycin A
ARO:3003270	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to neomycin\n] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA subunit of Mycobacterium smegmatis can confer resistance to neomycin
ARO:3003271	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to viomycin \n] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium smegmatis can confer resistance to viomycin.
ARO:3003272	[antibiotic resistant cls] Cardiolipin synthetase catalyzes the formation of cardiolipin from two phosphatidylglycerol molecules. Cardiolipin is important in membrane translocation and permeabilization. Mutations on the enzyme confers resistance to antibiotics.
ARO:3003273	[cell membrane component enzymes targeted by antibiotic] Interaction with the cell membrane phospholipids interferes with membrane permeability and integrity, leading to the leakage of cell contents. The outer membrane of Gram-negative bacteria is particularly sensitive.
ARO:3003274	[antibiotic sensitive cls] Cardiolipin synthetase catalyzes the formation of cardiolipin from two phosphatidylglycerol molecules. Cardiolipin is important in membrane translocation and permeabilization. The inactivation of this enzyme by antibiotics leads to cell death.
ARO:3003275	[Daptomycin sensitive cardiolipin synthetase] Cardiolipin synthetase catalyzes the formation of cardiolipin from two phosphatidylglycerol molecules. Cardiolipin is important in membrane translocation and permeabilization. Mutations on the enzyme confers resistance to Daptomycin
ARO:3003276	[antibiotic resistant rpoB] RNA polymerase is a multisubunit enzyme that is necessary for transcription. The beta-subunit of RNA polymerase forms the active center of the enzyme and template/transcript binding sites. Mutations in rpoB gene confers antibiotic resistance
ARO:3003277	[antibiotic sensitive beta-subunit of RNA polymerase (rpoB)] RNA polymerase is a multisubunit enzyme that is necessary for transcription. The beta-subunit of RNA polymerase forms the active center of the enzyme and template/transcript binding sites. This enzyme can be inactivated by antibiotics leading to cell death.
ARO:3003278	[daptomycin sensitive beta-subunit of RNA polymerase (rpoB)] Daptomycin binds to the cytoplasmic membrane of Gram-positive. It's lipopeptide tail servers as a ion channel for potassium. This causes a rapid depolarization that result in failures in DNA/RNA/Protein synthesis. Eventually cell death.
ARO:3003279	[antibiotic resistant liaFSR system] the liaFSR system regulates the cell envelope stress response. It is transcriptionally activated by exposure to alkaline shock, detergents, and particularly antibiotics with lipid II inhibition properties.
ARO:3003280	[antibiotic sensitive mprF] MprF is a integral membrane protein that modifies the negatively-charged phosphatidylglycerol on the membrane surface of both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. This confers resistance to cationic peptides that disrupt the cell membrane, including defensins. Mutations in this enzyme can confer additional resistances.
ARO:3003281	[antibiotic sensitive pgsA] pgsA or phosphatidylglycerophosphate synthetase is an integral membrane protein involved in phospholipid biosynthesis. Inhibition of this enzyme leads to cell death via the inability to form the plasma membrane.
ARO:3003282	[unused cvterm 39866] Definition needed.
ARO:3003283	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis rpoB mutants conferring resistance to rifampicin] Point mutations that occurs in Mycobacterium tuberculosis rpoB resulting in resistance to rifampicin.
ARO:3003284	[Mycobacterium leprae rpoB mutants conferring resistance to rifampicin] Point mutations that occurs in Mycobacterium leprae rpoB resulting in resistance to rifampicin
ARO:3003285	[Staphylococcus aureus rpoB mutants conferring resistance to rifampicin] Point mutations that occurs in Staphylococcus aureus rpoB resulting in resistance to rifampicin
ARO:3003286	[unused cvterm 39870] Definition needed.
ARO:3003287	[Staphylococcus aureus rpoB mutants conferring resistance to daptomycin] Point mutations that occurs in Staphylococcus aureus rpoB resulting in resistance to daptomycin
ARO:3003288	[Escherichia coli rpoB mutants conferring resistance to rifampicin] Point mutations that occurs in Escherichia coli rpoB resulting in resistance to rifampicin
ARO:3003289	[antibiotic resistant rpoC] RNA polymerase is a multisubunit enzyme that is necessary for transcription. The beta prime subunit of RNA polymerase forms the active center of the enzyme and template/transcript binding sites. Mutations in rpoC gene confers antibiotic resistance
ARO:3003290	[daptomycin resistant beta prime subunit of RNA polymerase (rpoC)] Daptomycin resistant RNA polymerases include amino acids substitutions which alter the binding affinity of daptomycin to the protein, resulting in antibiotic resistance.
ARO:3003291	[Staphylococcus aureus rpoC conferring resistance to daptomycin] Point mutations that occurs in Staphylococcus aureus rpoC resulting in resistance to daptomycin
ARO:3003292	[fluoroquinolones resistant gyrA] DNA gyrase is responsible for DNA supercoiling and consists of two alpha and two beta subunits. GyrA point mutations confer resistance by preventing fluoroquinolone antibiotics from binding the alpha-subunit.
ARO:3003293	[unused cvterm 39877] Definition needed.
ARO:3003294	[Escherichia coli gyrA conferring resistance to fluoroquinolones ] Point mutation of Escherichia coli gyrA resulted in the lowered affinity between fluoroquinolones and gyrA. Thus, conferring resistance
ARO:3003295	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis gyrA conferring resistance to fluoroquinolones] Point mutation of Mycobacterium tuberculosis gyrA resulted in the lowered affinity between fluoroquinolones and gyrA. Thus, conferring resistance.
ARO:3003296	[Staphylococcus aureus gyrA conferring resistance to fluoroquinolones] Point mutation of Staphylococcus aureus gyrA resulted in the lowered affinity between fluoroquinolones and gyrA. Thus, conferring resistance.
ARO:3003297	[Bartonella bacilliformis gyrA conferring resistance to fluoroquinolones] Point mutation of Bartonella bacilliformis gyrA resulted in the lowered affinity between fluoroquinolones and gyrA. Thus, conferring resistance.
ARO:3003298	[Mycobaterium leprae gyrA conferring resistance to fluoroquinolones ] Point mutation of Mycobaterium leprae gyrA resulted in the lowered affinity between fluoroquinolones and gyrA. Thus, conferring resistance.
ARO:3003299	[unused cvterm 39883] Definition needed.
ARO:3003300	[unused cvterm 39884] Definition needed.
ARO:3003301	[Staphylococcus aureus gyrB conferring resistance to aminocoumarin] Point mutation in Staphylococcus aureus resulting in aminocoumarin resistance
ARO:3003302	[Bartonella bacilliformis gyrB conferring resistance to aminocoumarin] Point mutation in Bartonella bacilliformis resulting in aminocoumarin resistance
ARO:3003303	[Escherichia coli gyrB conferring resistance to aminocoumarin] Point mutation in Escherichia coli resulting in aminocoumarin resistance
ARO:3003304	[Mycobacterium leprae gyrB conferring resistance to fluoroquinolone] Point mutation in Mycobacterium leprae gyrB resulting in fluoroquinolone resistance
ARO:3003305	[Ureaplasma urealyticum  gyrB conferring resistance to fluoroquinolone] Point mutation in Ureaplasma urealyticum resulting in fluoroquinolone resistance
ARO:3003306	[Morganella morganii gyrB conferring resistance to fluoroquinolone ] Point mutation in Morganella morganii resulting in fluoroquinolone resistance
ARO:3003307	[Salmonella serovars gyrB conferring resistance to fluoroquinolone \n] Point mutation in Salmonella serovars resulting in fluoroquinolone resistance
ARO:3003308	[Escherichia coli parC conferring resistance to fluoroquinolone ] Point mutation in Escherichia coli parC resulting in fluoroquinolone resistance
ARO:3003309	[Ureaplasma urealyticum parC conferring resistance to fluoroquinolone  ] Point mutation in Ureaplasma urealyticum parC resulting in fluoroquinolone resistance
ARO:3003310	[Mycoplasma hominis parC conferring resistance to fluoroquinolone  ] Point mutation in Mycoplasma hominis parC resulting in fluoroquinolone resistance
ARO:3003311	[Streptococcus pneumonia parC conferring resistance to fluoroquinolone  ] Point mutation in Streptococcus pneumoniae parC resulting in fluoroquinolone resistance
ARO:3003312	[Staphylococcus aureus parC conferring resistance to fluoroquinolone  ] Point mutation in Staphylococcus aureus parC resulting in fluoroquinolone resistance
ARO:3003313	[fluoroquinolone resistant parE] ParE is a subunit of topoisomerase IV, necessary for cell survival. Point mutations in ParE prevent fluoroquinolones from inhibiting DNA synthesis, thus conferring resistance.
ARO:3003314	[Staphylococcus aureus parE conferring resistance to aminocoumarin ] Point mutation in Staphylococcus aureus parE resulting in aminocoumarin resistance
ARO:3003315	[Staphylococcus aureus parE conferring resistance to fluoroquinolones] Point mutation in Staphylococcus aureus parE resulting in fluoroquinolones resistance
ARO:3003316	[Escherichia coli parE conferring resistance to fluoroquinolones ] Point mutation in Escherichia coli parE resulting in fluoroquinolones resistance
ARO:3003317	[Salmonella serovars parE conferring resistance to fluoroquinolones ] Point mutation in Salmonella serovars parE resulting in fluoroquinolones resistance
ARO:3003318	[Streptomyces rishiriensis parY mutant conferring resistance to aminocoumarin] point mutation on the Streptomyces rishiriensis parY resulting in aminocoumarin resistance
ARO:3003319	[Staphylococcus aureus mprF mutations conferring resistance to daptomycin] Point mutations that occur within Staphylococcus aureus mprF gene resulting in resistance to daptomycin
ARO:3003323	[Staphylococcus aureus pgsA mutations conferring resistance to daptomycin] Point mutations that occur within Staphylococcus aureus pgsA gene resulting in resistance to daptomycin
ARO:3003324	[Bacillus subtilis mprF mutations conferring resistance to daptomycin] Point mutations that occur within Bacillus subtilis mprF gene resulting in resistance to daptomycin
ARO:3003325	[Mycobacterium bovis embB mutations conferring resistance to ethambutol] Point mutations that occur within Mycobacterium bovis embB gene resulting in resistance to ethambutol
ARO:3003326	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis embB mutations conferring resistance to ethambutol] Point mutations that occur within Mycobacterium tuberculosis embB gene resulting in resistance to ethambutol
ARO:3003327	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis mutant embC conferring resistance to ethambutol] Point mutations in Mycobacterium tuberculosis embC that result in lower affinity between ethambutol and EmbC, resulting in resistance
ARO:3003333	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsC gene conferring resistance to kasugamicin ] Point mutations in the 3' minor, 3' major, and central domains in the rrsC 16S rRNA gene of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to kasugamicin
ARO:3003335	[unused cvterm 39919] Definition needed.
ARO:3003347	[unused cvterm 39931] Definition needed.
ARO:3003348	[unused cvterm 39932] Definition needed.
ARO:3003349	[unused cvterm 39933] Definition needed.
ARO:3003350	[unused cvterm 39934] Definition needed.
ARO:3003351	[unused cvterm 39935] Definition needed.
ARO:3003352	[unused cvterm 39936] Definition needed.
ARO:3003353	[unused cvterm 39937] Definition needed.
ARO:3003354	[unused cvterm 39938] Definition needed.
ARO:3003355	[unused cvterm 39939] Definition needed.
ARO:3003356	[antibiotic resistant EF-Tu] Sequence variants of elongation factor Tu that confer resistance to different classes of antibiotics.
ARO:3003357	[Clostridium difficile EF-Tu mutants conferring resistance to elfamycin] Sequence variants of Clostridium difficile elongation factor Tu that confer resistance to elfamycin antibiotics.
ARO:3003358	[Escherichia coli EF-Tu mutants conferring resistance to elfamycin] Sequence variants of Escherichia coli elongation factor Tu that confer resistance to elfamycin antibiotics.
ARO:3003359	[Streptomyces cinnamoneus EF-Tu mutants conferring resistance to elfamycin] Sequence variants of Streptomyces cinnamoneus elongation factor Tu that confer resistance to elfamycin antibiotics.
ARO:3003360	[Planobispora rosea EF-Tu mutants conferring resistance to elfamycin] Sequence variants of Planobispora rosea elongation factor Tu that confer resistance to elfamycin antibiotics.
ARO:3003361	[Planobispora rosea EF-Tu mutants conferring resistance to inhibitor GE2270A] Sequence variants of Planobispora rosea elongation factor Tu that confer resistance to inhibitor GE2270A
ARO:3003362	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to tetracycline derivatives] Tetracycline derivatives are bacteriostatic agents that bind tightly in 16S rRNA, where they interfere sterically with the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the ribosome A site to block protein synthesis. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this region can result in resistance against tetracycline derivatives.
ARO:3003363	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to polyamine antibiotic] Polyamine antibiotics inhibit the process of protein synthesis. Point mutations in the 3' minor domain of the 16S rRNA can confer resistance to polyamine antibiotics.
ARO:3003364	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to peptide antibiotic ] Peptide antibiotics inhibit protein synthesis. Resistance to basic peptide antibiotics can be caused by an altered RNA molecule in the 16S ribosomal subunit.
ARO:3003367	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to spectinomycin ] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to spectinomycin
ARO:3003368	[Escherichia coli EF-Tu mutants conferring resistance to kirromycin] Sequence variants of Escherichia coli elongation factor Tu that confer resistance to kirromycin
ARO:3003369	[Escherichia coli EF-Tu mutants conferring resistance to Pulvomycin] Sequence variants of Escherichia coli elongation factor Tu that confer resistance to Pulvomycin
ARO:3003370	[Escherichia coli EF-Tu mutants conferring resistance to Enacyloxin IIa\n] Sequence variants of Escherichia coli elongation factor Tu that confer resistance to Enacyloxin IIa
ARO:3003371	[Clostridium difficile EF-Tu mutants conferring resistance to kirromycin\n] Sequence variants of Clostridium difficile elongation factor Tu that confer resistance to kirromycin
ARO:3003372	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsH gene conferring resistance to spectinomycin ] Point mutations in the 3' major domain of the rrsH 16S rRNA gene of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to spectinomycin
ARO:3003373	[Klebsiella pneumoniae acrR mutant resulting in high level antibiotic resistance] AcrR is a repressor of the AcrAB-TolC multidrug efflux complex. AcrR mutations result in high level antibiotic resistance.
ARO:3003374	[Enterobacter aerogenes acrR mutation resulting in antibiotic resistance] AcrR is a repressor of the AcrAB-TolC multidrug efflux complex. AcrR mutations result in high level antibiotic resistance.
ARO:3003375	[unused cvterm 39959] Definition needed.
ARO:3003376	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsB gene conferring resistance to spectinomycin] Point mutations in the 3' major domain of the rrsB 16S rRNA gene of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to spectinomycin
ARO:3003377	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation in the rrnB gene conferring resistance to spectinomycin] Point mutations in the 3' major domain of helix 35, in the rrnB gene operon for 16S rRNA of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to spectinomycin
ARO:3003378	[Escherichia coli marR mutant resulting in antibiotic resistance] MarR is a repressor of the mar operon marRAB, thus regulating the expression of marA, the activator of multidrug efflux pump AcrAB.
ARO:3003379	[Salmonella serovars ramR mutants] RamR is a repressor that regulates RamA expression. Mutations lead to the upregulation of AcrAB, which is positively regulated by RamA.
ARO:3003380	[Klebsiella pneumoniae ramR mutants] RamR is a repressor that regulates RamA expression. Mutations lead to the upregulation of AcrAB, which is positively regulated by RamA.
ARO:3003381	[Escherichia coli soxR mutants] SoxR is a sensory protein that upregulates soxS expression in the presence of redox-cycling drugs. This stress response leads to the expression many multidrug efflux pumps.
ARO:3003382	[Salmonella serovars soxR mutants] SoxR is a sensory protein that upregulates soxS expression in the presence of redox-cycling drugs. This stress response leads to the expression many multidrug efflux pumps.
ARO:3003383	[Salmonella serovars soxS mutants] SoxS is a global regulator that up-regulates the expression of AcrAB efflux genes. It also reduces OmpF expression to decrease cell membrane permeability.
ARO:3003384	[unused cvterm 39968] Definition needed.
ARO:3003385	[Enterobacter aerogenes omp36 mutants] Mutant forms of the porin Omp36 result in reduced permeability to antibiotics.
ARO:3003386	[Escherichia coli sulfonamide resistant mutant folP] Point mutations in Escherichia coli dihydropteroate synthase folP prevent sulfonamide antibiotics from inhibiting its role in folate synthesis, thus conferring sulfonamide resistance.
ARO:3003387	[Streptococcus pyogenes sulfonamide resistant folP mutants] Point mutations in Streptococcus pyogenes dihydropteroate synthase folP prevent sulfonamide antibiotics from inhibiting its role in folate synthesis, thus conferring sulfonamide resistance.
ARO:3003388	[dapsone resistant dihydropteroate synthase folP] Dapsone inhibits bacterial synthesis of dihydrofolic acid by competing with with para-aminobenzoate for the active site of dihydropteroate synthetase. Thus acts as a competitive inhibitor of folP. Point mutation within the folP gene results in lowered affinity of dapsone for folP
ARO:3003389	[Mycobacterium leprae dapsone resistant folP mutants] Dapsone inhibits bacterial synthesis of dihydrofolic acid by competing with with para-aminobenzoate for the active site of dihydropteroate synthetase. Point mutation within the Mycobacterium leprae folP gene results in lowered affinity of dapsone for folP.
ARO:3003390	[Escherichia coli ompF mutants] Mutant forms of the Escherichia coli outer membrane porin OmpF result in reduced permeability to antibiotics.
ARO:3003391	[mutant porin PIB (por) with reduced permeability to antibiotic] Mutant forms of the porin Por result in reduced permeability to antibiotics
ARO:3003392	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis katG mutations conferring resistance to isoniazid] katG is a catalase-peroxidases that catalyzes the activation of isoniazid. Isoniazid inhibits mycolic acid synthesis, which prevents cell wall synthesis in mycobacteria. Mutations in katG results in inability to activate isoniazid.
ARO:3003393	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis inhA mutations conferring resistance to isoniazid] inhA is a enoyl-acyl carrier reductase used in lipid metabolism and farry acid biosynthesis. It is inhibited by isoniazid. mutations in the promoter region or multiple copies of the inhA shows marked resistance to isoniazid mediated inhibition of mycolic acid biosynthesis.
ARO:3003394	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis pncA mutations conferring resistance to pyrazinamide] pncA is a pyrazinamidase/nicotinamidase. It catalyzes the activation of pyrazinamide. Some mutation within pncA are associated with loss of enzyme activity, resulting in pyrazinamide resistance.
ARO:3003395	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis rpsL mutations conferring resistance to Streptomycin] Ribosomal protein S12 stabilizes the highly conserved\npseudoknot structure formed by 16S rRNA. Amino acid\nsubstitutions in RpsL affect the higher-order structure of 16S\nrRNA and confer streptomycin resistance by disrupting interactions between 16S rRNA and streptomycin.
ARO:3003396	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsB gene conferring resistance to gentamicin C] Point mutations in the 3' minor domain of helix 44, in the rrsB 16S rRNA gene of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to gentamicin C
ARO:3003397	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsB gene conferring resistance to G418] Point mutations in the 3' minor domain of helix 44, in the rrsB 16S rRNA gene of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to G418
ARO:3003398	[undecaprenyl pyrophosphate related proteins conferring resistance to bacitracin] Undecaprenyl phosphate is a universal lipid carrier of glycan biosynthetic intermediates for carbohydrate polymers that are exported to the bacterial cell envelope. Antibiotics that targets this compound or proteins associated with the production of this compound leads to cell death.
ARO:3003399	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsB gene conferring resistance to kanamycin A] Point mutations in the 3' minor domain of helix 44, in the rrsB 16S rRNA gene of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to kanamycin A
ARO:3003400	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to kasugamicin] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to kasugamicin
ARO:3003401	[sulfones] A sulfone active against a wide range of bacteria but mainly employed for its actions against mycobacterium laprae. Its mechanism of action  involves inhibition of folic acid synthesis in susceptible organisms.
ARO:3003402	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsB gene conferring resistance to neomycin] Point mutations in the 3' minor domain of helix 44, in the rrsB 16S rRNA gene of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to neomycin
ARO:3003403	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsB gene conferring resistance to paromomycin] Point mutations in the 3' minor domain of helix 44, in the rrsB 16S rRNA gene of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to paromomycin
ARO:3003404	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to streptomycin] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to streptomycin
ARO:3003405	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsB gene conferring resistance to streptomycin] Point mutations in the 5' domain of helix 18, in the rrsB 16S rRNA gene of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to streptomycin
ARO:3003406	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation in the rrnB gene conferring resistance to streptomycin] Point mutations in the 5' domain of helix 18, in the rrnB 16S rRNA gene of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to streptomycin
ARO:3003407	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to tobramycin ] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to tobramycin
ARO:3003408	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsB gene conferring resistance to tobramycin] Point mutations in the 3' minor domain of the rrnB 16S rRNA gene of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to tobramycin
ARO:3003409	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to tetracycline ] Tetracycline is a bacteriostatic agent that binds tightly to the helix 34 domain in 16S rRNA, where it interferes sterically with the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the ribosome A site to block protein synthesis. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this domain can result in resistance against tetracycline.
ARO:3003410	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsB gene conferring resistance to tetracycline ] Point mutations in the 3' major domain of the rrsB 16S rRNA gene of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to tetracycline
ARO:3003411	[Escherichia coli 16S rRNA mutation in the rrnB gene conferring resistance to tetracycline ] Point mutations in the 3' major domain of the rrnB 16S rRNA gene of Escherichia coli can confer resistance to tetracycline
ARO:3003412	[Dapsone] Dapsone is a sulfone in which it inhibits folic acid synthesis, such as the dihydropteroate synthase.
ARO:3003413	[pyrazinamide] Pyrazinamide is an Antimycobacterial. It is highly specific and active only against Mycobacterium tuberculosis. This compound is a prodrug and needs to be activated inside the cell. It interferes with the bacterium's ability to synthesize new fatty acids, causing cell death.
ARO:3003414	[LFF571] LFF571 is a novel semi-synthetic thiopeptide antibiotic derived from GE2270. It has been shown to possess potent in vitro and in vivo activity against Gram-positive bacteria. It is hypothesized that it a translation inhibitor leading to cell death.
ARO:3003415	[sulfonamide resistant dihydropteroate synthase folP] Point mutations in dihydropteroate synthase folP prevent sulfonamide antibiotics from inhibiting its role in folate synthesis, thus conferring sulfonamide resistance
ARO:3003416	[antibiotic resistant katG] Bifunctional enzyme with both catalase and broad-spectrum peroxidase activity. It is a catalase-peroxidases that catalyzes the activation of isoniazid. Mutations that arises within this protein cause changes that results in the inability for katG to activate antibiotics, conferring resistance
ARO:3003417	[antibiotic resistant inhA ] inhA is a enoyl-acyl carrier reductase used in lipid metabolism and farry acid biosynthesis. It is inhibited by isoniazid. mutations in the promoter region or multiple copies of the inhA shows marked resistance to isoniazid mediated inhibition of mycolic acid biosynthesis.
ARO:3003418	[antibiotic resistant pncA] pncA is a pyrazinamidase/nicotinamidase. It catalyzes the activation of pyrazinamide to pyrazinoic acid. Mutations arise within the pncA gene that caused the loss of pyrazinamidase activity is the major mechanism of antibiotic resistance
ARO:3003419	[antibiotic resistant rpsL] Ribosomal protein S12 stabilizes the highly conserved pseudoknot structure formed by 16S rRNA. Amino acid substitutions in RpsL affect the higher-order structure of 16S rRNA and confer antibiotic resistance
ARO:3003420	[antibiotic resistant pgsA] pgsA or phosphatidylglycerophosphate synthetase is an integral membrane protein involved in phospholipid biosynthesis. It is a CDP-diacylglycerol-glycerol-3-phosphate 3-phosphatidyltransferase.
ARO:3003421	[antibiotic resistant mprF ] Catalyzes the transfer of a lysyl group from L-lysyl-tRNA(Lys) to membrane-bound phosphatidylglycerol (PG), which produces lysylphosphatidylglycerol (LPG), a major component of the bacterial membrane with a positive net charge. LPG synthesis contributes to bacterial virulence as it is involved in the resistance mechanism against cationic antimicrobial peptides (CAMP) produces by the host's immune system (defensins, cathelicidins) and by the competing microorganisms (bacteriocins)
ARO:3003422	[antibiotic resistant arabinosyltransferase] Arabinosyl transferases allow for the polymerization of arabinose to form arabinan. Arabanan is required for formation of mycobacterial cell walls
ARO:3003423	[antibiotic resistant murA] murA or UDP-N-acetylglucosamine enolpyruvyl transferase catalyses the initial step in peptidoglycan biosynthesis
ARO:3003424	[antibiotic resistant IleS] Catalyzes the attachment of isoleucine to tRNA(Ile)
ARO:3003425	[antibiotic resistant dfr ] Key enzyme in folate metabolism. Catalyzes an essential reaction for de novo glycine and purine synthesis, and for DNA precursor synthesis
ARO:3003426	[antibiotic sensitive inhA] inhA is a enoyl-acyl carrier reductase used in lipid metabolism and farry acid biosynthesis.
ARO:3003427	[efflux regulatory proteins] 
ARO:3003428	[porin proteins permeable to antibiotics] 
ARO:3003429	[antibiotic sensitive beta-prime subunit of RNA polymerase (rpoC)] RNA polymerase is a multisubunit enzyme that is necessary for transcription. The beta-prime subunit of RNA polymerase forms the active center of the enzyme and template/transcript binding sites. This enzyme can be inactivated by antibiotics leading to cell death.
ARO:3003430	[fluoroquinolone sensitive parE ] ParE is a subunit of topoisomerase IV, necessary for cell survival. Point mutations in ParE prevent fluoroquinolones from inhibiting DNA synthesis, thus conferring resistance.
ARO:3003431	[antibiotic sensitive Ribosomal protein S12 (rpsL)] Ribosomal protein S12 stabilizes the highly conserved pseudoknot structure formed by 16S rRNA. It is targeted and inhibited by streptomycin
ARO:3003432	[isoniazid resistance gene] Genetic determinants which confer resistance to isoniazid.
ARO:3003433	[pyrazinamide resistance gene] Genetic determinants conferring resistance to lipopeptide antibiotics.
ARO:3003434	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to aminoglycosides] Aminoglycosides bind to the 16S rRNA, at the tRNA acceptor A-site (aminoacyl site) and inhibit protein translation process. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this area can result in resistance to aminoglycosides.
ARO:3003435	[unused cvterm 40019] Definition needed.
ARO:3003436	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to kanamycin ] Point mutations in the 3' domain of 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium tuberculosis can confer resistance to kanamycin.
ARO:3003437	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to viomycin] Peptide antibiotics inhibit protein synthesis. Resistance to viomycin can be caused by an altered RNA molecule in the 16S ribosomal subunit.
ARO:3003438	[Escherichia coli EF-Tu mutants conferring resistance to GE2270A] Sequence variants of Escherichia coli elongation factor Tu that confer resistance to GE2270A
ARO:3003439	[antibiotic sensitive RNA polymerase switch region] The switch region is a structural element that mediates conformational changes and contacts required for RNAP to load DNA into the RNAP active-center cleft during transcription initiation. The switch region is located at the base of the RNAP "clamp" and serves as the "hinge" that mediates opening of the RNAP clamp to load DNA into the RNAP active-center cleft and mediates closing of the RNAP clamp to retain DNA in the RNAP active-center cleft.
ARO:3003440	[mecB] A foreign PBP2 acquired by lateral gene transfer that able to perform peptidoglycan synthesis in the presence of beta-lactams.
ARO:3003441	[cfrA] Cfr enzyme adds an additional methyl group at position 8 of A2503 in 23S rRNA, resulting in resistance to florfenicol.
ARO:3003442	[DrrAB] DrrAB is dedicated ATP binding cassette type transporter for the export of doxorubicin in Streptomyces peucetius. Further studies with  H33342 and EtBr suggest that it is a multidrug transporter
ARO:3003443	[Antibiotic resistant tlyA] tlyA encodes for hemolysin. It Catalyzes the 2'-O-methylation at nucleotides C1409 in 16S rRNA and C1920 in 23S rRNA. Mutation that arise within this gene reduces the binding affinity of aminoglycosides to rRNA
ARO:3003444	[Aminoglycosides resistant tlyA] mutations within the tlyA protein that causes resistance to aminoglycosides
ARO:3003445	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis tlyA mutations conferring resistance to aminoglycosides] Specific mutations that arise in Mycobacterium tuberculosis tlyA resulting in aminoglycosides resistance
ARO:3003446	[Antibiotic resistant iniA] iniA, an isoniazid-induced protein, is part of the iniBAC operon that participates in the development of tolerance to both isoniazid and ethambutol. May function through a MDR-pump like mechanism, although it does not appear to directly transport isoniazid from the cell
ARO:3003447	[Ethambutol resistant iniA] Mutations that occurs on the iniA genes resulting in the resistance to ethambutol
ARO:3003448	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis iniA mutant conferring resistance to Ethambutol] Specific mutations in Mycobacterium tuberculosis iniA resulting in resistance to ethambutol
ARO:3003449	[Antibiotic resistant iniC] iniC, an isoniazid-induced protein, is part of the iniBAC operon that participates in the development of tolerance to both isoniazid and ethambutol. May function through a MDR-pump like mechanism, although it does not appear to directly transport isoniazid from the cell
ARO:3003450	[Ethambutol resistant iniC] Mutations that occurs on the iniC genes resulting in the resistance to ethambutol
ARO:3003451	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis iniC mutant conferring resistance to ethambutol] Specific mutations that occurs on Mycobacterium tuberculosis iniC causing it to be ethambutol resistant.
ARO:3003452	[ethambutol resistant embA] Mutations that occurs on the embA genes resulting in the resistance to ethambutol
ARO:3003453	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis embA mutant conferring resistance to ethambutol] Specific mutations that occurs on Mycobacterium tuberculosis embA leading to the lowered affinity of ethambutol to embA
ARO:3003454	[ethambutol resistant embR] Mutations that occurs on the embR genes resulting in the resistance to ethambutol
ARO:3003455	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis embR mutant conferring resistance to ethambutol] Point mutation in the M.tuberculosis embR results in increased resistance to ethambutol
ARO:3003456	[antibiotic resistant ethA] Monooxygenase able to convert a wide range of ketones to the corresponding esters or lactones via a Baeyer-Villiger oxidation reaction. It is responsible for the activation of several thiocarbamide-containing pro-drugs into cytotoxic species
ARO:3003457	[ethionamide resistant ethA] Mutations that occurs on the ethA genes resulting in the inability to catalyzes the oxidation of ethionamide (ETH) to the corresponding sulfoxide (the active drug)
ARO:3003458	[mycobacterium tuberculosis ethA mutant conferring resistance to ethionamide] Specific mutations that occurs on Mycobacterium tuberculosis ethA causing it to be ethionamide resistant
ARO:3003459	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis gyrB mutant conferring resistance to fluoroquinolone] Point mutation in Mycobacterium tuberculosis gyrB resulting in fluoroquinolone resistance
ARO:3003460	[antibiotic resistant ndh] ndh is a NADH oxidase. It participates in antibiotic resistance by diminishing NADH oxidation and consequently an increase in NADH concentration and depletion of NAD+. This alteration of the NADH/NAD+ ratio than prevents the peroxidation reactions required for the activation of INH, as well as the displacement of the NADH-isonicotinic acyl complex from InhA enzyme binding site.
ARO:3003461	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis ndh mutant conferring resistance to isoniazid] specific mutations in the Mycobacterium tuberculosis ndh gene that results in increased resistance towards isoniazid
ARO:3003462	[antibiotic resistant kasA] kasA is a  ketoacyl acyl carrier protein synthase that catalyzes the condensation reaction of fatty acid synthesis by the addition to an acyl acceptor of two carbons from malonyl-ACP. It is involved in elongation of fatty acids intermediate in the biosynthetic pathway of mycolic acids.
ARO:3003463	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis kasA mutant conferring resistance to isoniazid] Specific mutations on the Mycobacterium tuberculosis kasA gene resulting in lowered affinity of isoniazid, resulting in resistance
ARO:3003464	[rifamycin resistant arabinosyltransferase] Arabinosyl transferases allow for the polymerization of arabinose to form arabinan. Arabanan is required for formation of mycobacterial cell walls and arabinosyltransferases are targets of the drug ethambutol. Mutations in these genes can confer resistance to rifampicin.
ARO:3003465	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis embB mutants conferring resistance to rifampicin] Specific mutations that occurs on Mycobacterium tuberculosis embB causing it to be rifampicin resistant
ARO:3003466	[antibiotic resistant gidB] GidB is a m7G methyltransferase specific for 16S rRNA. Mutations within the gidB gene causes changes in the structure or 16s rRNA, leading to resistance to aminoglycosides
ARO:3003470	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis gidB mutation conferring resistance to streptomycin] Specific mutations that occurs on Mycobacterium tuberculosis gidB causing it to be streptomycin resistant
ARO:3003471	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to peptide antibiotic] Peptide antibiotics inhibit protein synthesis. Resistance to basic peptide antibiotics can be caused by an altered RNA molecule in the 16S ribosomal subunit.
ARO:3003472	[unused cvterm 40065] Definition needed.
ARO:3003473	[antibiotic sensitive embR] wildtype embR sensitive to antibiotics. It is an arabinosyltransferase involved in lipoarabinomannan synthesis.
ARO:3003474	[ethionamide] ethionamide is a second-line antitubercular agent that inhibits mycolic acid synthesis
ARO:3003475	[antibiotic sensitive ethA] ethA is a Monooxygenase that is able to convert a wide range of ketones to the corresponding esters or lactones via a Baeyer-Villiger oxidation reaction. Is responsible for the activation of several thiocarbamide-containing pro-drugs into cytotoxic species.
ARO:3003476	[antibiotic sensitive tlyA] It Catalyzes the 2'-O-methylation at nucleotides C1409 in 16S rRNA and C1920 in 23S rRNA.
ARO:3003477	[antibiotic sensitive gidB] GidB is a m7G methyltransferase specific for 16S rRNA.
ARO:3003478	[antibiotic sensitive kasA] kasA is a ketoacyl acyl carrier protein synthase that catalyzes the condensation reaction of fatty acid synthesis by the addition to an acyl acceptor of two carbons from malonyl-ACP. It is involved in elongation of fatty acids intermediate in the biosynthetic pathway of mycolic acids.
ARO:3003479	[tetR] TetR is the repressor of the tetracycline resistance element; its N-terminal region forms a helix-turn-helix structure and binds DNA. Binding of tetracycline to TetR reduces the repressor affinity for the tetracycline resistance gene (tetA) promoter operator sites. Mutations arise within tetR results in lower affinity for tetracyclin
ARO:3003480	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to streptomycin] Point mutations within the 530 loop of the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium tuberculosis can result in resistance against streptomycin. These mutations do not directly inhibit the binding of streptomycin, but is hypothesized that they interfere with conformational perturbations that account for streptomycin's action on the ribosome.
ARO:3003481	[Mycobacterium tuberculosis 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to amikacin] Point mutations in the 3' domain of 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium tuberculosis can confer resistance to amikacin.
ARO:3003482	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to peptide antibiotic ] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium smegmatis can confer resistance to peptide antibiotics.
ARO:3003483	[unused cvterm 40085] Definition needed.
ARO:3003484	[Chlamydophila psittaci 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to aminoglycosides] Aminoglycosides bind to the 16S rRNA, at the tRNA acceptor A-site (aminoacyl site) and inhibit protein translation process. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this area can result in resistance to aminoglycoside antibiotics.
ARO:3003485	[Chlamydophila psittaci 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to spectinomycin ] Point mutation in the 16S rRNA helix 34 region of Chlamydophila psittaci can confer resistance against spectinomycin
ARO:3003486	[unused cvterm 40088] Definition needed.
ARO:3003492	[Pasteurella multocida 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to aminoglycosides] Aminoglycosides bind to the 16S rRNA, at the tRNA acceptor A-site (aminoacyl site) and inhibit protein translation process. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this area can result in resistance to aminoglycoside antibiotics.
ARO:3003493	[Pasteurella multocida 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to spectinomycin] Point mutations in the helix 34 region of 16S rRNA of Pasteurella multocida can confer resistance to spectinomycin
ARO:3003494	[Neisseria gonorrhoeae 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to aminoglycosides] Aminoglycosides bind to the 16S rRNA, at the tRNA acceptor A-site (aminoacyl site) and inhibit protein translation process. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this area can result in resistance to aminoglycoside antibiotics.
ARO:3003495	[Neisseria gonorrhoeae 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to spectinomycin] Point mutations in the helix 34 region of 16S rRNA of Neisseria gonorrhoeae can confer resistance against spectinomycin
ARO:3003496	[Neisseria meningitidis 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to aminoglycosides] Aminoglycosides bind to the 16S rRNA, at the tRNA acceptor A-site (aminoacyl site) and inhibit protein translation process. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this area can result in resistance to aminoglycoside antibiotics.
ARO:3003497	[Neisseria meningitidis 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to spectinomycin] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Neisseria meningitidis can confer resistance to spectinomycin
ARO:3003498	[Propionibacterium acnes 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to tetracycline derivative ] Tetracycline derivatives are bacteriostatic agents that bind tightly to the 16S rRNA, where they interfere sterically with the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the ribosome A site to block protein synthesis. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this domain can result in resistance against tetracycline derivatives.
ARO:3003499	[Propionibacterium acnes 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to tetracycline] Tetracycline binds tightly to the helix 34 domain in 16S rRNA, where it interferes sterically with the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the ribosome A site to block protein synthesis. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this domain for Propionibacterium acnes can result in resistance against tetracycline.
ARO:3003500	[unused cvterm 40102] Definition needed.
ARO:3003501	[Borrelia burgdorferi 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to aminoglycosides] Aminoglycosides bind to the 16S rRNA, at the tRNA acceptor A-site (aminoacyl site) and inhibit protein translation process. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this area can result in resistance to aminoglycoside antibiotics.
ARO:3003502	[Borrelia burgdorferi 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to spectinomycin] Point mutations in the 3' major domain of the 16S rRNA gene of Borrelia burgdorferi can confer resistance to spectinomycin
ARO:3003503	[Borrelia burgdorferi 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to kanamycin] Point mutations in the 3' minor domain of the 16S rRNA gene of Borrelia burgdorferi can confer resistance to kanamycin
ARO:3003504	[Borrelia burgdorferi 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to gentamicin] Point mutations in the 3' minor domain of the 16S rRNA gene of Borrelia burgdorferi can confer resistance to gentamicin
ARO:3003505	[unused cvterm 40107] Definition needed.
ARO:3003506	[unused cvterm 40108] Definition needed.
ARO:3003507	[Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to aminoglycosides] Aminoglycosides bind to the 16S rRNA, at the tRNA acceptor A-site (aminoacyl site) and inhibit protein translation process. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this area can result in resistance to aminoglycoside antibiotics.
ARO:3003508	[Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to spectinomycin] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium can confer resistance to spectinomycin
ARO:3003509	[Helicobacter pylori 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to tetracycline derivative ] Tetracycline derivatives are bacteriostatic agents that bind tightly to the 16S rRNA, where they interfere sterically with the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the ribosome A site to block protein synthesis. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this domain can result in resistance against tetracycline derivatives.
ARO:3003510	[Helicobacter pylori 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to tetracycline ] Tetracycline binds tightly to the helix 34 domain in 16S rRNA, where it interferes sterically with the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the ribosome A site to block protein synthesis. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this domain of Helicobacter pylori can result in resistance against tetracycline.
ARO:3003511	[Escherichia coli soxS mutant] SoxS is a global regulator that up-regulates the expression of AcrAB efflux genes. It also reduces OmpF expression to decrease cell membrane permeability.
ARO:3003512	[Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsD gene conferring resistance to spectinomycin] Point mutations in the helix 34 region of the rrsD 16S rRNA gene of Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium can confer resistance to spectinomycin
ARO:3003513	[Mycobacterium chelonae 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to aminoglycosides] Aminoglycosides bind to the 16S rRNA, at the tRNA acceptor A-site (aminoacyl site) and inhibit protein translation process. Mutations in the nucleotide sequence in this area can result in resistance to aminoglycoside antibiotics.
ARO:3003514	[Mycobacterium chelonae 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to amikacin] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium chelonae can cause resistance to amikacin.
ARO:3003515	[Mycobacterium chelonae 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to kanamycin A] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium chelonae can cause resistance to kanamycin A.
ARO:3003516	[Mycobacterium chelonae 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to tobramycin] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium chelonae can cause resistance to tobramycin.
ARO:3003517	[Mycobacterium chelonae 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to gentamicin C] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium chelonae can confer resistance to gentamicin C
ARO:3003518	[Mycobacterium chelonae 16S rRNA mutation conferring resistance to neomycin] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of Mycobacterium chelonae can cause resistance to neomycin.
ARO:3003519	[unused cvterm 40121] Definition needed.
ARO:3003520	[Antibiotic sensitive Borrelia burgdorferi 16S rRNA] 
ARO:3003521	[Antibiotic sensitive Chlamydophila psittaci 16S rRNA\n] 
ARO:3003522	[Antibiotic sensitive Helicobacter pylori 16S rRNA\n] 
ARO:3003523	[Antibiotic sensitive Mycobacterium chelonae 16S rRNA\n] 
ARO:3003524	[Antibiotic sensitive Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA\n] 
ARO:3003525	[Antibiotic sensitive Neisseria gonorrhoeae 16S rRNA] 
ARO:3003526	[Antibiotic sensitive Neisseria meningitidis 16S rRNA\n] 
ARO:3003527	[Antibiotic sensitive Pasteurella multocida 16S rRNA\n] 
ARO:3003528	[Antibiotic sensitive Propionibacterium acnes 16S rRNA] 
ARO:3003529	[Antibiotic sensitive Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium 16S rRNA\n] 
ARO:3003530	[Antibiotic sensitive Mycobacterium tuberculosis 16S rRNA ] 
ARO:3003531	[Mycobacterium Bovis] 
ARO:3003532	[polyamine resistance gene ] Genes conferring resistance to polyamines
ARO:3003533	[Agrobacterium] 
ARO:3003534	[Agrobacterium tumefaciens] 
ARO:3003535	[Morganella] 
ARO:3003536	[Streptococcus anginosus ] 
ARO:3003537	[Streptococcus constellatus] 
ARO:3003538	[Streptococcus intermedius ] 
ARO:3003539	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsA gene conferring resistance to hygromycin B] Point mutations in the highly conserved helix 44 of the 16S rrsA rRNA gene of Mycobacterium smegmatis can confer resistance to hygromycin B. Resistance against hygromycin B is the result of conformational alterations that distorts a strong hydrogen bond leading to a change in the local geometry of the hygromycin B binding site.
ARO:3003540	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsB gene conferring resistance to hygromycin B] Point mutations in the highly conserved helix 44 of the 16S rrsB rRNA gene of Mycobacterium smegmatis can confer resistance to hygromycin B. Resistance against hygromycin B is the result of conformational alterations that distorts a strong hydrogen bond leading to a change in the local geometry of the hygromycin B binding site.
ARO:3003541	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsB gene conferring resistance to streptomycin] Point mutations in the helix 44 region of the 16S rRNA rrsB gene of Mycobacterium smegmatis can confer resistance to streptomycin
ARO:3003542	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsB gene conferring resistance to kanamycin A] Point mutations in the helix 44 region of the 16S rRNA rrsB gene of Mycobacterium smegmatis can confer resistance to kanamycin A
ARO:3003543	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsA gene conferring resistance to kanamycin A] Point mutations in the helix 44 region of the 16S rRNA rrsA gene of Mycobacterium smegmastis can confer resistance to kanamycin A
ARO:3003544	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsA gene conferring resistance to neomycin] Point mutations in the helix 44 region of the 16S rRNA rrsA gene of Mycobacterium smegmatis can confer resistance to neomycin
ARO:3003545	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsB gene conferring resistance to neomycin] Point mutations in the helix 44 region of the 16S rRNA rrsB gene of Mycobacterium smegmatis can confer resistance to neomycin
ARO:3003546	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation  in the rrsA gene conferring resistance to viomycin] Point mutations in the helix 44 region of the 16S rRNA rrsA gene of Mycobacterium smegmatis can confer resistance to viomycin.
ARO:3003547	[Mycobacterium smegmatis 16S rRNA mutation in the rrsB gene conferring resistance to viomycin] Point mutations in the helix 44 region of the 16S rRNA rrsB gene of Mycobacterium smegmatis can confer resistance to viomycin.
ARO:3003548	[mdtN] Multidrug resistance efflux pump. Could be involved in resistance to puromycin, acriflavine and tetraphenylarsonium chloride.
ARO:3003549	[mdtO] Multidrug resistance efflux pump. Could be involved in resistance to puromycin, acriflavine and tetraphenylarsonium chloride
ARO:3003550	[mdtP] Multidrug resistance efflux pump. Could be involved in resistance to puromycin, acriflavine and tetraphenylarsonium chloride
ARO:3003551	[emeA] A multidrug efflux pump from Enterococcus faecalis. There exist efflux activity of several antimicrobial agents such as DAPI, Hoechst 33342 and acriflavine. Efflux of DAPI via EmeA was strongly inhibited by reserpine.
ARO:3003552	[fusB] In Pseudomonas cepacia, it is Involved in the resistance (detoxification) of the fungal toxin fusaric acid.
ARO:3003553	[CepS beta-lactamase] CEP is a typical class C cephalosporinase found in Aeromonas sobria
ARO:3003554	[tcmA] Major facilitator superfamily transporter. Resistance to tetracenomycin C by an active tetracenomycin C efflux system which is probably energized by transmembrane electrochemical gradients.
ARO:3003555	[SHW beta-lactamase] This enzyme breaks the beta-lactam antibiotic ring open and deactivates the molecule's antibacterial properites.
ARO:3003556	[SLB-1] This enzyme breaks the beta-lactam antibiotic ring open and deactivates the molecule's antibacterial properties.
ARO:3003557	[SFB-1] This enzyme breaks the beta-lactam antibiotic ring open and deactivates the molecule's antibacterial properties.
ARO:3003558	[y56 beta-lactamase] Class A beta-lactamase found in Yersinia enterocolitica biovar 1A
ARO:3003559	[cepA beta-lactamase] A beta-lactamase found in Bacteroides fragilis producing either low or high levels of the endogenous cephalosporinase activity
ARO:3003560	[unused cvterm 40166] Definition needed.
ARO:3003561	[Sed1 beta-lactamase] class A beta-lactamase found in Citrobacter sedlakii
ARO:3003562	[TLE beta-lactamase] Class A beta-lactamase found in Mycobacterium fortuitum
ARO:3003563	[NPS beta-lactamase] Class A beta lactamase found in Rhodopseudomonas capsulata
ARO:3003564	[EXO beta-lactamase] Class A beta-lactamase found in Streptomyces albus G
ARO:3003565	[r39 beta-lactamase] Class D beta-lactamase found in Actinomadura R39
ARO:3003566	[unused cvterm 40176] Definition needed.
ARO:3003567	[magainin A] Magainins A are antimicrobial peptides produced by amphibians as part of their innate immune system.
ARO:3003568	[magainin B] magainin B is is a synthetic analog of magainin 1, an antimicrobial peptide
ARO:3003569	[magainin G] magainin G is is a synthetic analog of magainin 1, an antimicrobial peptide. It differs from magainin B by the addition of an beta-alanine at the N terminal
ARO:3003570	[magainin H] magainin H is is a synthetic analog of magainin 1, an antimicrobial peptide. It differs from magainin B with the substitution of D-alanine instead of L-alanine.
ARO:3003571	[magainin 1] Magainin1 is an antimicrobial peptides produced by amphibians as part of their innate immune system. It is derived from the Xenopus laevis.
ARO:3003572	[magainin 2] Magainin 2 is an antimicrobial peptides produced from Xenopus laevis skin. It induce osmotic lysis of bacteria
ARO:3003573	[LpxA] The LpxA gene is widely known to be involved in the biosynthesis of lipid A in Gram-negative bacteria and mutations to this gene may cause resistance to antimicrobial peptides that target the outer membrane
ARO:3003574	[LpxC] The LpxC gene is widely known to be involved in the biosynthesis of lipid A in Gram-negative bacteria and mutations to this gene may cause resistance to antimicrobial peptides that target the outer membrane
ARO:3003575	[LpxD] The LpxD gene is widely known to be involved in the biosynthesis of lipid A in Gram-negative bacteria and mutations to this gene may cause resistance to antimicrobial peptides that target the outer membrane
ARO:3003576	[PmrC] Mediates the replacement of Lipid A by the addition of 4-amino-4-deoxy-L-arabinose (L-Ara4N) and Phosphoethanolamine, which in turn will affect the net negative charge making the cell membrane less negative thus causing antimicrobial resistance
ARO:3003577	[PmrE] PmrE is required for the synthesis and transfer of 4-amino-4-deoxy-L-arabinose (Ara4N) to Lipid A, which allows gram-negative bacteria to resist the antimicrobial activity of cationic antimicrobial peptides and antibiotics such as polymyxin
ARO:3003578	[PmrF] PmrF is required for the synthesis and transfer of 4-amino-4-deoxy-L-arabinose (Ara4N) to Lipid A, which allows gram-negative bacteria to resist the antimicrobial activity of cationic antimicrobial peptides and antibiotics such as polymyxin
ARO:3003579	[PmrAB] PmrA/B is a two-component regulatory system. PmrA is phosphorylated by pmrB at high[Fe3+] levels. The PmrA/B system regulates the expression of pmrE, pmrF and pmrC, leading to antibiotic resistance
ARO:3003580	[gene altering cell wall charge conferring antibiotic resistance] Genes involved in alteration of the cell wall overall charge, leading to antimicrobial resistance due to reduced binding
ARO:3003581	[ Acinetobacter mutant Lpx gene conferring resistance to colistin] These genes are involved in the biosynthesis of lipid A in Gram-negative bacteria and mutations to this gene may cause resistance to antimicrobial peptides that target the outer membrane. Mutation by absence or insertion of ISAba11 sequence is a known cause of resistance in Acinetobacter baumannii▿.
ARO:3003582	[PmrA] Response regulator for Lipid A modification genes; two-component system involved in polymyxin resistance that senses high extracellular Fe(2+)
ARO:3003583	[PmrB] Histidine protein kinase sensor Lipid A modification gene; part of a two-component system involved in polymyxin resistance that senses high extracellular Fe(2+)
ARO:3003584	[polymyxin resistance efflux pump] Polymyxin efflux pump mediates resistance by transporting polymyxin out of the cell. 
ARO:3003585	[Klebsiella mutant PhoP conferring antibiotic resistance to colistin] A mutant phoP activates pmrHFIJKLM expression responsible for L-aminoarabinose synthesis and polymyxin resistance, by way of alteration of negative charge
ARO:3003587	[unused cvterm 40197] Definition needed.
ARO:3003588	[charge alteration conferring antibiotic resistance] The loss or reduction of the net negative charge within the cell wall of gram negative bacteria is a mechanism of resistance for cationic antimicrobials that depend on the negative charge for binding to the surface
ARO:3003589	[NmcA beta-lactamase] NmcA is a class A serine beta-lactamase isolated from Enterobacter cloacae.
ARO:3003590	[SHV-190] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases, not yet released.
ARO:3003591	[SHV-191] From the Lahey list of beta-lactamases, not yet released.
ARO:3003592	[TEM-223] From Lahey's list of beta-lactamase, not yet released
ARO:3003593	[OXA-437] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003594	[OXA-438] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003595	[OXA-439] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003596	[OXA-440] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003597	[OXA-441] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003598	[OXA-442] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003599	[OXA-443] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003600	[OXA-444] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003601	[OXA-445] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003602	[OXA-446] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003603	[OXA-447] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003604	[OXA-448] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003605	[OXA-449] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003606	[OXA-450] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003607	[OXA-451] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003608	[OXA-452] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003609	[OXA-453] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003610	[OXA-454] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003611	[OXA-455] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003612	[OXA-456] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003613	[OXA-457] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003614	[OXA-458] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003615	[OXA-459] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003616	[OXA-460] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003617	[OXA-461] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003618	[OXA-462] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003619	[OXA-463] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003620	[OXA-464] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003621	[OXA-465] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003622	[OXA-466] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003623	[OXA-467] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003624	[OXA-468] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003625	[OXA-469] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003626	[OXA-470] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003627	[OXA-471] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003628	[OXA-472] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003629	[OXA-473] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003631	[OXA-474] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003632	[OXA-475] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003633	[OXA-476] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003634	[OXA-477] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003635	[OXA-478] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003636	[OXA-479] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003637	[OXA-480] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003638	[OXA-481] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003639	[OXA-482] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003640	[OXA-483] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003641	[OXA-484] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003642	[OXA-485] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003643	[OXA-486] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003644	[OXA-487] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003645	[OXA-488] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no accessions or other information available
ARO:3003646	[CTX-M-162] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamase, no other information available
ARO:3003647	[CTX-M-163] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamase, no other information available
ARO:3003648	[CTX-M-164] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamase, no other information available
ARO:3003649	[CTX-M-165] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamase, no other information available
ARO:3003650	[CTM-X-166] Assigned by Lahey's list of beta-lactamase, no other information available
ARO:3003652	[CMY-132] From Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no additional information available
ARO:3003653	[CMY-133] From Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no additional information available
ARO:3003654	[CMY-134] From Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no additional information available
ARO:3003655	[ACT-38] From Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no additional information available
ARO:3003657	[IMP-49] From Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no additional information available
ARO:3003658	[IMP-50] From Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no additional information available
ARO:3003659	[IMP-51] From Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no additional information available
ARO:3003660	[VIM-44] From Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no additional information available
ARO:3003661	[VIM-45] From Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no additional information available
ARO:3003662	[VIM-46] From Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no additional information available
ARO:3003663	[NDM-15] From Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no additional information available
ARO:3003664	[NDM-16] From Lahey's list of beta-lactamases, no additional information available
ARO:3003665	[NmcR] NmcR is a homolog of the LysR regulator found in Enterobacter cloacae that contribute to the regulation of NmcA beta-lactamase
ARO:3003666	[16s rRNA with mutation conferring resistance to aminoglycosides] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of bacteria can confer resistance to aminoglycosides.
ARO:3003667	[16s rRNA mutation conferring resistance to peptide antibiotics] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of bacteria can confer resistance to peptide antibiotics.
ARO:3003668	[16s rRNA with mutation conferring resistance to polyamine antibiotics ] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of bacteria can confer resistance to polyamine antibiotics.
ARO:3003669	[16s rRNA with mutation conferring resistance to tetracycline derivative] Point mutations in the 16S rRNA of bacteria can confer resistance to tetracycline derivative.
ARO:3003670	[PEDO-1] 
